// Roomates Story

Four persons(around 22's) rent a 2bhk room, split the expenses. Three people are close to eachother but the fourth person(Protagonist)
is new to that group and room.
The three person doesn't maintain the room clean. They spoil everything the hall the floor and the kitchen too. They 
wont help in cooking, bringing groceries. Intially the fourth person adjusts and does the work by himself. But as he is the 
only person who keeps on doing the household work he gets very frustated but holds that in him.
One day the volcano in him erupts. He stops doing all the household work, cleans for himself and leaves the rest as it is.
One day the owner while the three people are entering the house the owner says that ur frnd got project and vacating the
house it seems. (Owner - Maa inti vaastu alantidhi, vachina first month loney project kotteysaadu). The listens that first surprises
and then plays along with owner. They enter the room its been night and the fourth person is sleeping. Next morning 
the three people wears apron and holds broom stick and other cleaning stuff and cleans the complete house. Acts like they 
are intrested in helping household work. The fourth person sees it and the three person acts "Hey dont walk around here we just mopped"
"We made breakfast for you , go eat fast before the food warm decreases, Fourth person surprises and plays along". After having 
lunch which is prepared by the three persons, fourth person brings is packed luggage and says goodbye to them.
They tries to stop him and first they speak softly to make him stay but fourth person replies would be bold and strainght.
So they bring up rent thing and that he should say one month before he leaves, conversation heats up and fourth person 
pays for the extra days he stayed and leaves.
The three person sits in the hall and discusses about the fourth person as if he rude and left us. They say that 
fourth person will regret leaving them, but meanwhile fourth person plays with his girlfriend in new coliving pg.
The three persons again finds a new innocent person and says the same kind things, they act very nice and make themselves look very kind and understanding.
and brings the new person in. THE END
When the fourth person enters the room they act very nice and make themselves look very kind and understanding.

Four characters:- Santosh Omkar Sandeep (SOS) gang. Ashok Fourth person

Ashok:- Software Job designation, A calm and friendly person. But has Ego issues. Bares the torture of SOS gang.
        Loses his nerve and decides to vacate room. Even though SOS gang tries all ways to stop him, but ashok is egostic
        enough to couter replies all their queries and vacates.
SOS:-  