Two Adults who work on same domain wants to show their superiority. They have the ego clash where one wants 
to win over another and wants to prove their are more capable and higher than other to everyone.

They fight in their work place indirectly in order to show their superiority and dominance.
They even take an ego challenge of making a girl fall for them, so that they can prove thier skills.
There is a race for both of them in evry aspect of life.
Both are of same position. They wont fight for promotions or increments, they fight for winning over other.

They want to show he can only do the work not the other one. They wont form any gang or groups. They keep this race and ego in 
them. They act like they are very open and friendly in front of everyone. 

They even keep a race for winning who is most friendly person among everyone. They want other to lose in every aspect
and the other one also should also praise him like rest others.

They keep on stalking each other. They listen and see what the other is doing and act like they are not a fan of what he
did. They indirectly criticize them and they act very formal even criticizing, as they dont want others to think that he is rude.

The people around them can sense the heat of the argument even though they try to cover it.
They want to win against eachother by maintaining the ethic and moral values in their working place
They race while:-
    Eating or drinking
    Acting more funny and cracking jokes.(But they dont laugh for each other jokes)
    Helping others
    Acting friendly with everyone
    Flirting with a girl
    Completing the work before deadline(Not sleeping at nights just to win the race)
    Who came early to office
    Weekend enjoyment(Says I enjoyed more than you, I already went to that place its boring but the place i went is excellent)
    Dressing style & HairStyle(Who is looking more smart and stylish)
    Bikes(who has best bike - They even take debts to win clash)
    Always tries to prove they the better than other. (Vaadu gurinchi chaadilu cheptey veedu chaala happy ga feel avutaadu)

From the second they wak in moring to the minute they sleep - Its always a RACE FOR THEM.

They both are protagonist who were fighting is to prove who is stronger.
There should be Introduction/Elevation situation for both of them, inorder to convince audience that they both are
protagonist with intense ego's


For Girl:-
    They act as they will do her work wirhin very less time, in the race the girl chooses one man. So the man does his 
    work and the girl's work too. This creates a frustation as he couldn't beat the guy in meeting deadlines. So he 
    shows his frustation on the girl.

Intro of the story show all tyoes of fun activities that happen in IT companies. We can create an ego conflict while they 
are playing in fun activities

Fun Activities:- 
    Musical chairs
    Solving a puzzle (Two persons get the same puzzle of image - Who solves first)
    Shooting the cups on the table with a sponge ball
    Drawing a tail for the horese blindfolded
    Shootong a Ping pong ball in a cup on the table
    Blowing ballone in a given time - who blows more ballons wins (Can have a competition bwtween two of them)
    Building a tower with cups
    Mini Tug of war
    Fliping the bottle 
    Hand Wrestling
    Playing Squid Games (Forming a group of n members, where n will be revealed after the music stops)
.......................................................................................................................................

    Satya - Shyam
    Mentor name:- Kajal
    Group:- Prajwal
Story:- 
    On Friday, Satya joins as a software employee in CapG. The onboarding day went well, Satya along with new joiners assigned to sit in their respective
    ODC's. They meet the mentor, For mean time mentor conducts a competition where mentor would be shooting questions and the new 
    trainees has to answer those technically. Satya nails it and answers every question. Mentor get impressed. Its Satys's day.
    Everypne in the group likes satya for his knowledge. Satya feels proud of him, everyone in the group would praise 
    him while having their lunch. He smiles and enjoys their praises........!

    The saturday and sunday satya stays in his PG and explore's the area, have fun with his new group.

    Monday, Satya is very excited and ready to solve or answer any technical questions. Their Mentor's the odc and informs
    them another group of new joiners are going to join the same group and they too come under the same mentor as satya's
    group. Satya feels happy as he thinks he can show his talent and knowledge again and impress everyone once again.

    The new group enters the ODC. The group contains of five people including Shyam. Shyam is the actual rivalry for satya.
    The group is being assigned with laptops. After collecting the group moves to canteen for lunch. The whole group is
    having lunch, in that group prajwal narrates the incident happended on friday. He praises satya for his knowledge
    everyone smiles looking satya and satya shy's. Except Shyam, he sits silent and eat.

    In the afternoon the mentor enters the ODC. Satya had a thick meal, so he is sleeping. Prajwal wakes him up, when mentor enters.
    The mentor asks the group to open their laptops and solve a coding question. She says this is a competition and whoever
    solves first will get a chocol;ate from her(Kajal says to invoke the competitive spirit). Satya's drowsily opens his laptop.
    Prajwal whispers in satya's ear "That chocolate is yours..!". Satya smiles....

    Mentor assigns a coding question and says "I will be back in 30mins you guys concentrate on your work. And group NO CHEATING ..!!!"

    Everyone starts to solve, after 30mins mentor gets back and looks every member's screen. She checks everyone. 
    Satya looks overconfident and shyam looks serious while solving the question. After 10mins Satya's says finish and the 
    mentor says "I know you would be the first one to do it....". She check his number of testcases passed but he left with one
    failed test case. Mentor "You are not done Satya, you still left with one failed test case !". Satya checks it...
    Mentor "The game is still on guys,This is a Hard level problem. Take your time no need to rush and all 20/20 testcases has to pass".
    Shyam raises his hand, kajal approaches him and checks his code All testcases passed 20/20. Mentor "Looks like Shyam is the winner"
    Mentor "Give him a big round of applause....". Everyone claps for shyam. Within a split second shyam becomes famous !
    Prajwal look satya like "You Failed..!!! Is this Possible...!!". Satya says kajal my code is also done.....
    Kajal "Very good , you are second then...."

    Cut to Room.

    Satya watches a movie sitting on his table in laptop, meanwhile prajwal enters room and prajwal "Orey shyam gaadu room ki vachaaka kuda 
    coding chestunad ra" satya "neek ela telusu ?" prajwal "vaadu mana kindha room ey, ippudey kalisi vachaa...."
    Satya continues watching tv but his mind is still replaying the incident happended.. 


CATALYST CHARACTER 2ND COMPLAINT TO MANAGER ........

    cc:- Sir ram and rahul complete non sensical ga behave chetunar sir , they are not at all coping up with us.
         Vaala valla Team disturb avutundhi sir .......
    m:- (doing some file work) nuvu ee company ki enni interviews ichav ???
    cc:- sir ????
    m:- ( gazes at him )
    cc:- 4 sir !
    m:- wow!! andhulo hr round undha ?
    cc:- undhi sir...
    m:- Did u work on any group project ?? aney question adigara ???
    cc:- yes sir.
    m:- em answer ichav...
    cc:- I worked in a distance measuring sesnor combining ardunio....
    m:- Aa question enduku adigaro telsa...
    cc:- (stares at him)
    m:- Neeku team environment lo work cheytam telusa telidha ani
        Nuv enti edho school teacher ki complaint ichinattu anni saarlu vastunav ??
    cc:- adhi kaadhu sir....
    m:- (clicks his tongue) Inter varaku nuv class ki eppudu vachav, hostle ki eppudu vachi vellav ani 
        note chesukuntaaru, No Phones allowed - No freedom
        Engineering lo nuv class ki eppudu vachav ani chustaaru kaani 
        hostle ki eppudu vachi vellavo antha patinchukoru - Half Freedom
        But Software Job lo especially mana company lo nuv eppudu, em chesavu, WFH aa Office aa, aa cabin lo kurchunavu ani evaru pattinchukoru - Thats Freedom

        Memu similar talents unna vaalni tesukochi oka group lo pettagalam kaani okey mindset unna vaalni oka group lo pettlem, U guys have to sort it out.!
        adhey kaaka evaru ela behave cheyali ani nuvu ela cheptav ??
        If they are using bad language or insulting or molesting then u can to me I will raise the complaint......

        See entha manchi coach unna team coordination lekapothey - No one stop loosing the match.
        Team cordination aney dhi bayata nunchi vacheydhi kaadhu - The group has to sort it out.....

        (Arranges the files and papers)
        Its ok, nenu kuda vaalla tho inkosaari matladutaa, Dont worry.......

        But everytime nuv ila vachi team members medha complaint raise chesthu untey neeku team spirit ledhu ani anukutaaru...
        Dont make those remarks on you !!!!

        Vaala valla work em anna delay avutundha ??
    c:- (Low voice)No sir !
    m:- See mee team antha okasari kurchoni discuss cheyandi, Maybe meeru uncomfortable ga feel avutunaaru ani cheptey, They may understand ...!!!    

