Prashant:- The Insecured. He is afraid to speak with his crush. Does't know pampering, speaks reality in a sarcastic way sometimes.
            Takes help of his frnds and impresses his crush jessika. Later she motivates him to be his trueself instead of
            trying to impress her every second. He realises and stops taking his frnds help. But as dasys passes he can sense
            that jessika is feeling disconnected from him. Later he finds her. Calls her.....turns to breakup.
            He realises that his insecurity is the gate which stopped him. Leaves is Insecurity by leaving the urge to be perfect
            and accepting his imperfections in him.
Prabhu:- The Planner. Plans every meeting, decides Prashant's looks, style and dressing. He has a girlfriend. 
        Knows how to plan dates in a way that impresses woman and suggesting surprises and gifts that excites women.
Rohan:- The Flirter. Can flirts with any woman and doens't have a stable relationsship. A playboy, he is the perosn 
        who talks in call with Prashant

Jessika:- The GenZ. Opposite to Prashant , Intially she falls for him and later she feels disconnected when Prashant
          shows his actual true self. Doesn't feel any regret leaving him, as she believes that she fell for a different
          person but after getting commited, she sees Prashant completely different. So she moves on with another person
          and wont confront prashant. Breaks with him in call after prashant finds her with another boy.

Story:-
    Prashant had a crush on a Jessika. One day he talks to her and invites her to lunch. (Maybe his bday party or other reason). 
    Jessika agrees. Prashant takes help of his frnds Prabhu and Rohan to plan everything. They plan everything.
    Prabhu plans the restaurant and his outfit. Rohan is in call - same restaurant instructing prashant what to doa dn how to speak.
    Chaios comedy happens and in the end Prashant impresses Jessika on that day. They both starts talking and getting closer.
    Every meeting between jessika and Prashant were planned by his frnds. One day he tries to impress her with a spoof of Daha(Coolie).
    Instead of impressing she hilariously enjoys their drama and laughs out. She understands that prashant is trying to impress her.
    She likes it, kisses him and propses him, prashanth shocks!
    Next day prashant meets her wearing most trendy outfit, but jessika wears a normal night dress. She explains
    him that there is no need to impress her every second, and motivates him to be his trueself and in his own comfort
    instead of wearing these heavy outfits. While jessika is motivating him prashant frnds listens that in call(as prashant wears the bluetooth).

    Prashant's feels more secure and happpy. He stops taking his frnds help. From that prashant doesn’t act. But as tha days
    pass on jessika doesn't feel the prevoius vibe that she felt with him in the past. She slowly loses intrest in him.
    Distance builds in them. One day before Prashant Bday, he gets to know that jessika is into another man, he doesn’t care but he confronts
    her. Watches from a distance jessika being into another man, he watches that seriously from distance. Doesn't speak a word
    and rushes to his room, elaborates what happend to his frnds. His frnds scolds him why didn't he talked it then and there.
    On his Bday, Prashant texts her, and opens up with what he saw. They argues in call and jessika speaks what she felt and propses 
    breakup. His Bday celebrations were destroyed and turns his special day to worst day.

    After few days, Prashant and his frnds eating in a canteen/restaurant. A girl suddenly approaches prashant and gives a 
    gift wishing belated happy birthday. His were in shock asks prashant who is she..?
    Prashant speaks about jessika and his realizations happened tom him. Understands jessika is right.
    He realises that his insecurity is the gate which stopped him. Leaves is Insecurity by leaving the urge to be perfect.
    After this he speaks about Neha, the girl who gave him belated bday gift. Turns to confident man.
    He picks up his bluetooth bids calls Rohan and asks him to listen how he is talking and note his feedback.
    I will learn from the feedback and improves himself.
    Walks to neha, sits in the empty chair in front her and starts speaking...
    THE END !