Characters:- Ramesh - 20's (Iron Liver - Never feels drunk even for ton of alcohol), Shekar - 40's(The Intruder)
             Ramesh wears A common Night dress(T-shirt & track) through out the day. Shekar wears - A cotton (bright color)shirt 
             and silk (dark color)pant resmebles village uncle.(plus a faded cap).
Location:- A house having a hall, Kitchen, Bathroom. The Bathroom is between Kitchen and Hall. Kitchen and bedroom are adjacent.
Description:- Shekar an anonymous thief, lies about his identity and enters Ramesh's house to rob it. What happens after is the story.....
Scene:-
1. INT - BLACK SCREEN - Rolling titles
    Voice Overs:-
        Ramesh Mom:-(Angry & Frustated)
            Ila tayaru enti andi veedu, Sigguledha raa neeku (slaps ramesh)
        Ramesh Father:-(Angry & Frustated)
            Birthday Birthday annav..... chudu em cheskoni vachaadoo. Intlo tammudu unnadu, chusukovali ani sense kuda ledhu(glass patters sound)
        Ramesh Mom:-
            Intlo adugu pettadanki vinuledhu.....Poo, Bayatey snanam chesi raa lopaliki......
        Ramesh Father:-
            Aa towe luu sopa uu bayatki visirey....Dhunnapothuu....
        Ramesh:-(embarressed + drunked)
            (Politely)Phone kuncham charge pettu mummy....
        Ramesh Father:-(Gets even more irritated)
            Champa pagilipotadhi chethanakoda........, Mundhu aa phn bore loki visirey.... Yedhava Frnds malli ee yedhava gaadiki....
                        
                        (Screen Opens To a Day - Morning........)

2. EXT - Ramesh House - DAY 
    Ramesh siting in front of the main door entry-steps and talking with his friend in call...
        Ramesh:- (In call)
            Nen steady ganey unna raa.... appatiki vokka podi, centre fresh kudaa tinna......Ela kanipettaado telidhu maa baabu?
            Oka Taagubothey inko taagubothu ni pattukogaladu.........
            (Optional - Oka donga ney inko donga ni kanipedtaadu.....)
        Ramesh Friend:(Off Screen)
            Nee moham chusteyne cheppeyachu...Nuv taagi vachav ani.....
        Ramesh:- (In call)
            Rey nenu entha taagina, stiff ga untaa ra....neek telsu kadhaaa.....
        Ramesh Friend:- (Off screen)
            Adhi ok raa, kanni nuv taagina prathisaari nee face lo appati dhaaka palakani navarasaalu palukutaay.
            Avi chusi evadu ayina cheppeyachu... Taagi vachaav ani... 
            Sarle, ayyindhi edho ayyipoindhi.... Intlo okkadivey unnav ga, chill avvu...
        Ramesh:- (In call)
            Nuv raavachu kadhraa intiki.......
        Ramesh Friend:- (Off screen)
            Ey... malli taagadanikaa ??
        Ramesh:- (In call)
            Ha.......
        Ramesh Friend:- (Off screen)
            Siggu ledhu ra neeku.....Taagu bothu....(Ends Call)

    Ramesh Inhales deeply, flexes his neck and scrolls his phone, meanwhile neighbour(Gopal Rao Uncle) approaches the gate and calls Ramesh.
    Ramesh walks towards the neighbour..

        Ramesh:-
            Cheppandi uncle......
        Neighbour:-
            Intlo Nanna leraa baabu..
        Ramesh:-
            Leru andi... family antha raajole ki vellaru, fuction ki.
        Neighbour:-(Confuses)
            Mari nuv vellaledha baabu..?
        Ramesh:-
            Two days lo JEE-Mains undhi...Andukey prepare avutunaa....
        Neighbour:-
            Ayyoo...sarle baabu...
            Nenu cement pani medha Rajmundhry veltunna, Carpenter uu, Coolie lu evaru vachina sarey Gopal rao gaaru ooru vellaru repu 
            evening ki vastaaru ani cheppu baabu..... sarey naa...
        Ramesh:-
            Ha sarey andi.....
    Neighbour leaves.....Ramesh closes the gate and walks back into his house.

3. INT - Ramesh House - Night - 7'o clock(Optional - Raining)
    RAMESH sitting on the sofa and watching TV, Keeping his legs stretched on a table.. Relaxed..!
SFX(Sound Effect):- Door Bell Rings
    Shekar(40's) standing in front of his house with a bag(carpenting bag-contains rench, hammer, etc) in his hand and faded cap on his head. 

        Shekar:-
            Namaste baabu..... mee pakkinti lo gopal rao Mestri, telusaa baabu.
        Ramesh:-
            Meeru evaru andi??
        Shekar:-
            Nenu Shekar... Painting uu Carpenter work chestuntaa..... Gudi pakkana unna moodo veedhilo Illu kadhutunnaaru..
            Dhaaniki carpenter kaavali ani gopal rao nannu pilichaadu.....
        Ramesh:-
            Ohh...!
        Shekar:-
            Rammanaadu kaani, phn yethatledhu.....
        Ramesh:-
            Gopal rao gaaru edho pani medha Rajmundhry vellaru, malli repu evening vastaaru anta...
        Shekar:-(Angers)
            Ala ela potaadu... Nen 40Kms prayaanam chesi vachaanu, Ippudu tirigi vellataanki bus kuda undadhu.
            (After a pause)
            Kanisam vaadi inti taalam ayina neeku ichaada???
        Ramesh:-(afraids)
            Ledhu andi....
        Shekar:-
            Carpenting pani ki vaachina prathi saari vaadi intloney undeyvaadini.....(Checks his phone)
            Ee ooru lo signal sarigga undadhu........
            Nuv okasari phn cheyamma vaadiki......
    Ramesh brings his phn and call gopal rao....(ringing, says out of coverage area..)
        Ramesh:-
            Connect avvatle.....
        Shekar:-
            Kuncham Ee bag nee daggara pettuko baabu, nenu oka padhi nimishaallo vastaanu...(gives bag)
        Ramesh:-
             (Takes it) Ha sarey andi.
    Shekar leaves the house, ramesh takes the bag and closes the door.

SFX(Sound Effects):- Clock ticking sound....

    After Half an Hour......Again Knock on the door, Ramesh open the door... Shekar it is..!
        Ramesh:-
            Bag kavala andi....
        Shekar:-
            Kaadhu baabu... 
            Kuncham mee amma nannalni pilustaava... 
        Ramesh:-
            Evaru leru andi intlo....Function ki vellaru..
        Shekar:-(hesitates)
            Ayyo.....Mari em ledhu baabu.....
            Ikkada hotel lantivi em ayina untaaya ani chusaanu...Emi levu.
            Intiki velltanki bus lu kuda leva, malli repu podhunney carpenting work modhalpettaali...
            Kuncham pedha manasu chesukoni mee intlo padukonistey........
            Nela medhey padukuntaa baabu.... inkem akarledhu.......
            Kavali antey mee amma nanna la tho nen matladutha.....
            Em anukoku baabu...
        Ramesh:- 
            parledhu lendi....
            Randi lopaliki....
        Shekar:-
            Thanks baabu.....!(Excites of happiness)

    Ramesh tries to call his parents, meanwhile shekar opens his bag - which is lying near sofa and checks something in it.
    Call declines due to poor network(Optional - raining heavily). Dark clouds Shattered all over the sky.

        Ramesh:-
            Kurchondi...(offers to sit on sofa)
        Shekar:-
            (Out of Gratitude) Thanks baabu...(Sits on sofa)
            (Looks TV) Cinema chustunava baabu......
    Ramesh walks and sits beside him on sofa.....
        Ramesh:- 
            Edho English cinema chustanaa......
        Shekar:-
            Idhenti amma indhulo YouTube vastundhi????
        Ramesh:-
            Idhi Smart TV andi, anni vastaay indhulo....
        Shekar:-
            Serials kudaa na??
        Ramesh:-
            Ha serials uu, TV channels uu, anni inka.....
        Shekar:-
            Bale undhey.....
            Na pelam serial pichidhi... chustuuney untaadhi serials alaa...
            Oka manchi TV konnandi ani chaala saarlu adigindhi ........
            Entha padindhi amma idhi...?
        Ramesh:-
            Offer lo konna online lo, 20 velu padindhi anukuntaaa.....
        Shekar:-
            Abbo......Baney ayyindhi...
            (OG movie Songs would be playing on TV)
            Pawan Kalyan Fan vaa ???
            (Checks his bag, and picks out a food parcel)
            Baabu oka kaali plate untey ivvu amma, ee idli(parcel) andhulo pedtaaa....
        Ramesh:-
            Ha...Oka nimisham andi...

    Ramesh walks towards kitchen, checks for plates.........All the plates are in sink, uncleaned. Keeps searching.....
    Beside washbasin there is a holder which holds knife and spoons. Inside there is a knife with a black
    handle and red border. A heavy knife, pretty big in size - extremely sharp.  
    Ramesh Searches entire kitchen, finds a Paper plate. Picks that paper plate, and gives it to shekar.....

        Ramesh:-
            Em anukokandi.....Ginney lu kadagaledhu..
            Andukey ee paper plate techaa...
        Shekar:-
            Ahh parledhu baabu.....daantlo em undhi.
            (Takes the plate, and puts the opened idli parcel on the plate) 
            HandWash ekkada amma...? 
        Ramesh:-
            (Pointing towards kitchen) Akkada...!

    Ramesh sits on sofa and Shekar enters the kitchen, washes his hands and returns - sits on sofa, starts eating...

        Shekar:-
            (While eating) Tintava baabu?
        Ramesh:-
            Ha parledhu andi.... meru tinandi.
        Shekar:-
            Bhojanam ayyipoindha baabu needhi...?
        Ramesh:-
            Indhaakey, Noodles avi tinna antha aakali veyatle...
    Shekar continues eating.......Both are sitting on sofa and watching TV
        Shekar:-
            Haa baabu, kuncham ee bag open cheyu...
    Ramesh slides the bag towards him and opens it......There will be some snacks in a cover(Jantikalu, Laddu sweet) in the cover.
        Shekar:-
            Aa cover teeyu baabu......
            (Ramesh opens the cover, Shekar picks some Jantikalu, laddu and puts in his plate)
            Nuvvu kuda teesuko baabu baguntaay, maa aavidaa chesindhi...Fresh uuu.
        Ramesh:-
            Parledhu andi..
        Shekar:-
            Mohamatam padaku baabu, tinu.....
            Laddu tinu, adhi devudi prasadham...

    Ramesh eats some portion of laddu(Kallaku addhukoni laddu tintaadu), knots the cover and puts beside him.
    They watch TV for a Few Moments.......
    Shekar completes eating, opens a cover and stores all the left over food in it.
        Shekar:-
            Idhi padeysi vastaa undu baabu....
        Ramesh:-(Nods his head)

    Shekar enters kitchen, acts like he is washing his hands and waits for Ramesh to get into bathroom...

        Shekar:-
            (In his mind) Enti veedu bathroom ki vellale..?
            (Peeks towards hall..)

    Meanwhile Ramesh gets up and moves towards bathroom. Shekar watches it and acts like he is washing hands...
    Ramesh enters bathroom. Shekar hear the locking sound of bathroom door. He peeks to hall, confirms Ramesh is
    in bathroom. He starts searching the kitchen and picks all the things which looks sharp and shady.
    He collects(quietly) all the forks, small scissor and cooking sticks and picks the knife which is in the holder beside washbasin.
    Walks towards hall, opens his bag and keeps the collected things under the carpenter machinery(Rench, Hammer, etc) in his bag.
    Sits on the sofa, innocent like he did nothing.
    Ramesh comes out of the bathroom, and sits beside him. TV turns OFF Due to low voltage.....

        Shekar:-
            Em ayyindhi baabu??
        Ramesh:-
            Noodels edho thedakottinattu undhi andi....
            Low voltage lo unnatu undhi, TV Off ayyindhi.... fan uu sarigga tiragatle...!
            (Feels dizzy)
            Majjiga taagi vastaa undandi.....
    
    Ramesh walks into kitchen, opens fridge picks curd packet and lemon. Finds a glass and place his glass and curd packet beside the 
    washbasin. Searches for scissor, couldn't find. Tears the curd packet with teeth and spits in the dustbin cover beside him.
    Inside the dustbin he sees the snacks cobered in idli(Jantikalu, laddu). Feel suspicious, Thinks why shekar uncle throwed the laddu saying
    its a prasadham of god.
    Searches for knife in the holder to slice lemon but couldn't find. Suddenly POWER WENT OUT!!!!!! (Optional - Raining heavily).

    Ramesh started to feel extremely drowsy and his head starts spinning. His vision blurs.
    Ramesh turn back and walks to entrace of the kitchen. In the darkness he sees Shekar!!!
    standing in front him.(RAMESH FEARS) Ramesh slowly collapse on the floor(saying Shekar sir eavru meeru in a drowsy tone) 
    and slips into a trance of sleep.

    Shekar drags him out of the kitchen to the center of the hall. Picks torch from his carpenting bag, starts
    searching house. Enters bedroom finds Almirah. Keeps his hand on top of Almirah, finds keys. 
    Opens the Almirah searches for gold and other valuable things. Pulls a saree, lays it on the floor and stores all the valuable things he found 
    on the saree inorder to tie a knot.

    In a Sudden, POWER CAME BACK (ELECTRICITY RESTORED). All the lights turns ON, TV - turns ON, started to play song of OG-FireStorm.
    Intially the song starts with slow beat(low decibels).Then beat of the song starts to intensify and decibels increase.
    The song reaches the ear of ramesh who is lying on the floor. The song transudes into his dreams, dragging him into wakefulness.
    (He wont open his eyes and their will be no movement in him for now- Just the song plays)

    Shekar Closes the Almirah and turns towards the bedroom entry......
    Sees Ramesh standing with a dizzy eyes and drowsy posture.(SHEKAR FEARS)
    Shekar doesn’t understand how he woke...

        Shekar:-(out of shock)
            Mathu ela digindhi raa.....
        Ramesh:-(Drowsy)
            Mansion House Body raa......(Proudly)
            Padukopetatam antha easy kaadhu(Smiles)

    Ramesh suddenly closes the bedroom door and locks Shekar inside the bedroom. Shekar panics and gets tensed. Slams & punches the door very hardly,
    Sprints the entire bedroom in a sense of hurry. Tension made him pluck his own hair. A chaos in his head and in his actions struggling
    to get out of the bedroom. After a few moments of intense panic attacks to shekar, Suddenly he hears the sound of door unlocking.

    Shekar slowly opens the bedroom door, see no one on the other side. The hall, kitchen everything inside the house except the bedroom
    is dark and of no light. Only the TV plays the song of OG in a high volume.

SFX(Sound Effects):- Adele - Sky Fall Song (or) OG Guns n Roses / They Call him OG - Song

    Shekar slowly walks seeing around and back of him. After crossing the bathroom, beside the sofa he sees the carpenting bag machinery items
    scattered everywhere on the floor. (Checks around him, if Ramesh may attack him suddenly)
    Rushes towards the floor tries to collect all the things in a sense of hurry. 
    Hurrily packs his bag zips it , holds a rench ih his hand to fight back and opens the main door.

    In the darkness Shekar sees Ramesh standing in front of him with the carpentery hammer holding in his right hand. 
    Dizzy Look in Ramesh Eyes yet fill with confidence and courage.
    (The OG song fills Ramesh with outrageous courage and giving him the strength to fight back even in dizzyness)
    
    Shekar scared, takes a step back.....and raises his hand to hit him with rench....
    Ramesh kicks shekar(a hard thudding sound of kick), Shekar flies in air for a momnet, falls on the floor. 
    Bag in shekar's hand slips and slides away. (But still holds the rench in his hand)
    Ramesh slowly walks over shekar who is lying on the floor, Stamps the hand which is holding rench. Ramesh lowers and positions on his knee
    Swings the hammer, Shekar catches the hammer with his other hand. Ramesh punches his - Shekar wont leave the hammer, punches again on face and pulls hammer harder, holds shekar other hand too.
    Now shekar is locked had no chance to fight back or run. Ramesh lifts the hammer....with full force striking shekar's fore-head. Shekar slips into unconcious.
    Ramesh picks up shekar's white kerchief and places on shekar's face. The kerchief slowly absorbs the redness of blood - injury on 
    shekar head.
    Ramesh(exhausted) closes the main door from outside and locks it. Slowly sits in front of the door leaning back to the closed door.
    Picks his phone from pocket......Dials phone and says Hello....(His voice slowly echos..)
    Screen Blanks - A moment of silence.

SFX(Sound Effects):- Slowly the siren sound intensifies, specifying police has arrived.

4. EXT - Ramesh House - Day

    Ramesh again siting in front of the main door entry steps and talking with his friend in call... 
        Ramesh:-(In call)
            Chaala try chesaa kaani invigilator lu andharu naa chutuu ney tirugutunnara baabu.....
            Ayina idhi em ayina Eamcet ahh ra..? Checking lu scanning lu options jumbling lu......Abbo chaala thathangam undhi....
        
    Meanwhile Gopal rao Neighbour approaches Ramesh's House gate, Ramesh sees him and ends the call.....walks towards him

        Ramesh:-
            Enti Uncle malli Rajmundhry veltunaara ???
        Neighbour:-
            Avunu baabu chinna pani undi.....
        Ramesh:-
            Ohhh.....
        Neighbour:-
            Donga ni em cheasru, inka police station loney unchaara....?
        Ramesh:-
            Ledhu ninney Jail ki shift chesaar anta, constable chepparu.........
        Neightbour:- (Showing respect to his courage)
            Bale dhaatav baabu pramadhaanni.....
            Okkadivey vaadni pattukoni, police lu ki appaginchatam ante maatlaa....andhulonu raatri....
            Dhairayya vanthudivey....(taps on ramesh shoulder)
            Mana area lo andharu nee gurinchey matladukuntunaru........(feels a bit proud)
        Ramesh:-(Smiles)
        Neighbour:-
            Ahh Exam edho undhi annav.... ela raasav baabu?
        Ramesh:-
            Haa Mains... Baney raasanu, results chusi counselling pettali.....
        Neighbour:-
            Pass ayyipotaav le baabu neekenti.....
            Annatu asalu vishayam marchipoyaanu.. Maa chuttalu ammayi Edho college entrance test ki prepare avuntundhi
            Dhaanki Physics, Maths lonu evo doubts unnay anta.....
            Mains ey raasina vaadivi, ee chinna test lu neek entha....
        Ramesh:- (Hesitates a bit, with smile on his face)
        Neighbour:-
            Nuvvey kuncham doubts avi cheppu baabu tanaki......Baaga chadhuvutaadhi, assalu ibbandhi pettadhu neeku....
        Ramesh:-
            Ibbandhi em ledhu lendi....
        Neighbour:-(Turns left, and calls her nephew)
            Amma Shruthi....ila raaa(gestures with hand)
    
    Shruti slowly approaches the gate with some books in her hand and stands in front of ramesh, beside Gopal Rao-neighbour.
    

SFX(Sound Effect):- (Similar to Dragon movie climax scene, third heroine entry music plays)

    As the heroine enters the frame, time seems to slow.
    The hero’s gaze locks onto her eyes—deep, expressive, and shimmering.
    He’s lost, not in thought, but in her beauty.
    Her presence feels like a melody he’s been waiting to hear all his life.
    Inside, he’s dancing — his heart skipping beats, his soul spinning with joy.
    A silent celebration erupts within him:-(Em jackpot kottav ra Rameshuuu)

        Neighbour:-
            Chusko baabu ayithey......
            Ahh... inthaki mee nanna vaalu ekkada....?? kanipinchatle???
        Ramesh:-(Lost in Shruti, looking towards her - Freezes)
            Function ki vellaru uncle, repu mrng vastaaru....
        Neighbour:-
            Ha sare baabu ayithey.....nenu vastaa(vellivastaa)...
            Meeru chadhuvukondi....
            Jagratha amma....

    Neightbour leaves....Ramesh still in frozen state. Shruti slowly walks towards him....
    The breeze catches her hair, lifting it gently. Shruthi Stands one side of the gate, ramesh on the other side....
    Shruthi with a soft and innocent tone (Smiling/ pinch of Blushing)

        Shruthi:-(with lovely tone, and shyness)
            Inka Modhalu pedadhaamaa(blinks her eye)...!
    
    Camera slowly zooms to Ramesh face..... Ramesh blinks his eye (implying - “This is my chance.”)

SFX(Sound Effects):- (Love Today Mammkutty Chaos-Fun-Energetic Music)
                           
                           THE END.................!!!!!
