This story is about two friends one who had intentions of desire of girlfriend and other doesn’t have any intentions of Girlfriend.
Deepak who has intentions but feared to let it out as he is feared of judgement and social anxiety. He has this thought where if he 
reveals his intentions they may see him wrong and he may his his oppurtunity of getting the girl, he has fear of losing her so badly inside him
Where as Rohan doesn’t have any intentions of girlfriend, he just behaves as he likes, doesn't act or try to impress others or girls.
He doesn't have any insecurities or social anxities or judgement fears. He believes that if his intentions are not wrong then there
is no need to fear of anything.
This story show how two different people one who has intentions and who doesn’t have intentions handle woman or girls in their daily 
life. Deepak have insecurities at some point thinking that his friend may steal his girlfriend. It shows that people who are innocent 
and who thinks they are good and believe in this line "Why always bad things happen to good people", as he is devastated seeing his
attempt with Shruti failed but without even putting minimum efforts rohan got bhumika. Then rohan explains that you are not trained 
enough and learnt enough in life thats the reason you lost Shruti. Just becoz you are innocent and good doesn’t get everythong you need.
You should learn and train yourself and mind enough to handle situations and relations to get what you need. Just desire isn't enough
to get what you want. Even Bhumika says that "Nuv efforts pedithey gaani oka ammayi nee life undadhu ani telisinappud, alanti ammayi nee life lo 
undakapovatam ey manchindhi"

Deepak character is been referenced with Deepak, Rohit Raj. They mostly feared and apoloziges unnnecessaryily while talking with girls, women pleaser
        Tries and acts to be soo off limits nice which sometimes make others feel fakeness in their actions. He is an extreme overthinker.
        Senseless feared about next moment as it may not happen as he expected in his mind. He is intensely obsessed with Shruti and letting
        her go is a trauma for him. His whole world of fantasy castle will collapse in his imaginations which he cant bear.
        Physical looks are he looks innocent white and Decent personality

Rohan character is been referenced with past me, he easily distracts while studying, procastination, laziness. But when it comes to talking to 
        girls and flirting he can nail it without any insecurity or fear. He treates women equally then giving more value.
        His Physical looks handsome, smart and neat.

Bhumika character is referenced with Bhumika from Kushi movie. Misunderstands everthing easily and jealous. Short temper.
        Her Physical looks are sexy and pretty but less than Shruti. She can be fair color, dusky or white. Have some arrogance becoz she is rich

Shruti character is referenced with priti. She is an extrovert acts and cares for everyone in same way. Speaks alot and shares.
        Physical looks are milk white, most cute and charmed face. Can be sexy but its optional.

Two friends Deepak and Rohan (Roomates) decide to join an online wokshop for improving their skills. The they meet two girls from their groups
Bhumika and Shruti. Deepak falls for Shruti. Rohan is friendly with everyone in his group. The workshop contain total 40 members.
The instructor divides them into groups with 5 people in it. Deepak and Shruti falls in same group. In that way Shruti and deepak slowly
become friends. One day deepak plans to go out on saturday so he calls Shruti and asks her out. So out os fear he spills that 
Bhumika is also comming with us, In order to make Shruti feel less Suspicious he spills a lie out of tension to make her agree.
Shruti agrees now he runs to rohan to help him and make bhumika come with them.
Rohan initially says as we are going to mall lets call others friends too. As hangout would be great with group of frnds.
Rohan indirectly taunts deepak to tell him his actual intentions of the hangout. Deepak frustatingly opens up he is thinking it as a 
date disguised in name of Hangout. Now rohan laughs as he got what he wants and calls bhumika and asks her "Ee sunday kaali untey mall ki veldham vastava"
Without asking next question she hangs up the phone thinking that rohan is trying for her. Rohan calls her again, she scolds him 
and hung up. Rohan understands her words and meets her at her PG and explains everything. she says I will come to call but its ur threateningly
as you madde me angry in phone call. Rohan says its not fair as u misunderstood impatiently and how will it be my fault. She says
if its not your treat I wont come. Rohan calls deepak and says we have many girls and i will arrange another girl but deepak beggs 
rohan to make bhumika come as he already committed to Shruti, now if they say bhumika is not coming then Shruti may also drop(overthinking).
So, rohan and deepak decide to split among them the expenses of Bhumika as Shruti's expenses were managed by deepak hiimself.
Rohan silently out of defeat agrees to bhumika demands. Bhumika out of attitude says "Sunday sharp 10'o clock vachi pick chesko" and 
walks with queen attitude. Rohan "Dheeniki ala saagutundhi..!" 

Next day Shruti and Deepak reaches first and waits for rohan and bhumika. Deepak gets tensed as shruti asks once about rohan and bhumika, he 
assumws that shruti thinks that I lied to her about bhumika and she scolds me and thinks Iam a disgusting lier and slaps me. Each second rohan
is late deepak starts to collapsing inside and feared thatr shruti finds his plan and lie. He calls rohan and asks them to reach fast 
as shruti is getting tired of waiting and may leave if she gets even more bored while waiting. 
deepak:- Arey entha sepu raa, tondara ga randi ra.....inka late ayithey shruti ki chiraku vachi vellipoyina vellipotaadhi.....!!
Finally the reach mall deepak exhales out of relief.
They starts to walk around mall deepak-shruto pairs up and rohan-bhumika pairs up and walks behind deepak and shruti.

Deepak:- Nee dress chaala bagundhi....
Shruti:- Thank you (Smiles)

Bhumika:- (Shyness) Naa dress ela undhi
Rohan:- (casually) Just average......(looks around mall)
Bhumika:- (pisses off) Ekkadiki veltunam (holding lips tightly)
Rohan:- Emo Vaalu etu velthey atey....

Shruti:- Vaalu chudu entha makeup vesaro.....
Deepak:- Yaa artificial beauty, andharu neela unda leru ga.....U r Natural beauty
Shruti:- (chuckles)

Bhumika:- Nen makeup veyyaledhu telsaa....(Shyness)
Rohan:- (casually) Kuncham vesukovalsindhi, bagundeydhi.....

Bhumika pisses off and walks ahead, takes shruti pushes deepak while deepak is trying to flirt saying "Nee kallu neeli samudhram paata nee 
kallu chusey raasi untaaru.." Bhumika suddenly takes her and leaves. Deepak surprises and walks back to rohan, where rohan is also staring
them thinking why she suddenly left.......

Rohan says I said this thats whay she may have left, Deepak scolds rohan and tells him I dont have much time with as after lunch we will go 
to movie and I can't spend time with shruti, so this is the only time I left with. Rohan slowly walks besode bhumika and says sorry, bhumika
blackmails saying i want compensation with sorry and asks a chain rangeing 999 rupees. Rohan shocks and says this to deepak, deepak blames rohan
rohan and says we are already baring the expenses of bhumika for today movie, lunch and travelling and now this is extra. I will only give 
200-300 and remaining you have to bare it. Rohan frustates and in a sense of helplessness of angry. He takes bhumika and buys chain.
Deepak gets chance to pair up with shruti.
In lunch time bhuika orders many food items.....
Rohan:- Meeru Pg ki parcel taravata teesukoni veldurugaani, mundhu ippudu tiney vi cheppandi...(chuckles with irritation)
Bhumika:- Ivi anni ikkada tinadaanikey, PG ki kaadhu

Deepak and rohan looks each other face out of shock. They watch movie and reaches to PG. Deepak and shruti stands at the gate behind them 
rohan and bhumika stands. Rohan is completely pissed and irritated holding his frustation standing with hands folded
Deepak:- Asalu eroju time ala gadichindho kuda teliyatledhu.....(chuckles and smiles - shruti also smiles and shys)

Bhumika:- Eroju baaga enjoy chesam kadhaa...............
Rohan:- (Forcefully) Hmmm..........
Bhumika:- Dinner ki Mandi house ki velluntey bagunduuu...
Rohan:- (sharp head turn - looks bhumika digustingly)
Bhumika:- Shruti ki kudharledhu kabatti vacheysam..............Sarle next time plan chedhamm......
          (looks rohan) Enduku mokam ala pettukunav........Appudu appudu navvu health ki manchidhi (Taps his shoulder and leaves...)

On the same day at night rohan would be sleeping on sofa while deepak chats with shruti.
In chat:- (Saves shruti name with a heart symbol and shruti saves deepak name normally)
        Deepak:- Today, I made more memories than I ever have before. (Hugging emoji)
        Shruti:- (kind emoji with ring on top)
        Deepak:- Thanks to you !(Emoji)
        Shruti:- (sends sticker)
        Shruti:- Photos share cheyyachu kadhaa....(sad emoji)
        Deepak:- Ya sure, Document lo share chesta chudu.........
                (Shares image documents............)
        
Meanwhile Bhumika call rohan(contact saved as Rohini alias rohan in her phone) rohan's phone rings .....bhumika calls.......
rohan picks the call lying on sofa with bedsheet covered....
In call:- (Rohan saves Bhumika contact with her name foollowed by a ghost emoji, Bhumika save Rohan contact as Rohini)
        Rohan:- (sleepy) Hello .....
        Bhumika:- (High tone) Em message ki reply ivvatledhu.......balisindha neeku ????
        Rohan:- Neee....(Gets up throwing the bedsheet with anger - sits)
                (holding anger - tight lips) Padukunna.......
        Bhumika:- Photos inka pampaledhu.........pampu twaraga...
        Rohan:- Naa phn lo teyyaledhu, Rohan gaadini adugu ledha shruthi ki maa vaadu already pampinchi untaadu tanani adugu..
        Bhumika:- adhi 4th floor nen 6th floor, malli kindhaku vellali......
        Rohan:- (Lost patience) Nuv kindha ki digutaavo, godaekki dhukeystavo nee istam. Naa daggara levu...
                Deepak gaadni adugu ledha shruthi adugu, anthey BYE !!! (hangs up phone)

Next day both the girls go to deepak and rohan place (2bhk room) for stydying purpose. Deepak and shruthi sits in bed room and deepak is praising
her for no reason about her progress in studies. Where as rohan sits on the floor trying to figure out the code he is doing. Meanwhile bhumika 
enters and tries to interrupt him to see the chain that she wore. After multiple attempts bhumika herself lifts rohan's head and points to her neck
Rohan stares at her chest area without blink......... Bhuimka understands in his look that he isn't staring at neck,
bhumika says "Nen chudamandhi chainuuuu", rohan with that unblinking stare at chest says "Ha adhey chustunaa...." 

Bhumika:- Ela undhi (looking up to stretch her neck for chain visbility)
Rohan:- Ee chain ekkado chusinattu undhey
Bhumika:- Ninna mall lo konnav ga adhey........
Rohan:- Haa bagundhi...........(Nodding)(still lost staring at her chest)
Bhumika:- Idhey chain shruthi vesukuntey ee look raadhu telsaa.....
          Tanaku unna fairness ki chain sarrigga shine avvadhu, nen vesukunna kabatti dhiniki ee charm vachindhi....
Rohan:- (chuckles) Mothaniki shruthi neekanna fair antav.....

Bhumika get offended and walks away with anger, wantedly interrupts deepak and shruthi.


Rohan slaps bhumika becoz of her reckless words. 
Rohan:- 

Deepak shruti and rohan are outside talking to eachother about the slap incident between rohan and bhumika
Deepka:- Arey oka ammayi ni kottadam correct kaadhu ra....
Rohan:- (Out of patience ) Aagu aagu........
        Nen last 4-5 days nunchi Shivani tho tirugutunna raa........
        Nuvvu vachi entra dhaani tho tega tirugutunava entra ani adigithey........
        Ala em ledhu ra akkadiki vellam ikkadiki vellam ani jariginivi cheptaa....
        (looks shruti) Ippudu shruti vachi enti ee madhyana maatho kanna shivani tho ekkuva untunnav ani adigithey........
        Friendly ga unnam anthey ani naa intentions appudu jarigina incidents uu cheptaam.
        Meeru adigithey nen chepta kachitanga.........
        Kaani bhuimka ela adugutaadho telsaa.............
        (Imitates bhumika) Fast ga naduchukuntu vachi, neeku asalu siggu undha, ala kanipinchina prathi ammayi tho tiragamani cheppi
        penchaara mee intlo.....Manishivey na nuvvu...!!!!!!!
Deepak:- (supporting bhumika - slowly) Ala kaadhu ra, ammayi manasu..........
Rohan:- (Raises voice) Motham vinaraa.......
        First time thitinappudu nen kuda nee lagey alochinchi, mana medha istam unteyney ala possessive avutaaru anukoni 
        dhaani daggaruku vella.....
        (Politely) Enduku antha kopapadutunnav, neeku naa medha em anna istam undha ani adiga.....
        (Imitates bhumika) Chi chi nee lanti vaadini nen enduku istapadata...... Nuv naak set avvavu, We are different league annadhi
        (We can show this scene or say through dialogue)
        Sarle le kopam lo unnadhi emo, mood bagoleka ala cheppindhi anukoni vadhileysaaa..
        Dhaani mood baga unna time lo velli........Neeku oka vishayam cheppali anna.......enti annadhi....
        Ee saturday neeku kudhirthey naatho date ki vastava ani adigaa..........
        (Imitates bhumika) Ila enuduku adigaav annnadhi.........................
        Antey neeku relation loki velldaniki discomfort ga untey manam slow ga start cheyyachu.....First oka date ki veldham kudhirthey 
        continue avudham ledha vadhileydham ani anna........
        Em annadho telsaaa.......
        (Imitates bhumika) Naaku nachina restaurent ki date ki tesukoni velli bill kattali antey nee sagam aasthi ammukovali, 
        (smirks) velli panichusko... date anta ....(pride laugh)
        
Deepak shruti surprise and stands idle doesn’t know how to respond..............

Rohan:-  Naaku sarrruuuuu mani kaalindhi.....
        Antha enduku yendhaakati nunchi nuv mataldutunnav gaani, (pointing shruti) shruti vachi bhuimka ki sorry cheppu ani enduku annatledhu....
        Dhaniki telsu kaabatti bhumika gurinchi.................
        Nuvvu emo poorthi ga telusokovu, sagam telusukoni vachi naa sagam pranaalu teseystaavu.........
Deepak:- Ala kaadhu ra nen problem ki solution tedham ani....
Rohan:- (imitates yevadu movies scene) Baabu.....vellu room ki velli AC vesukoni paduko vellu........

Rohan walks to his room where bhumika(siiting on bed), man 1, man 2 are siiting with her and trying to console her. man1 and man2 are fake feminists
Rohan walks into the room to see bhumika with frustating mood. Man1 sees him enter - stands up and says "ammayi lu medha cheychesukoni pedha
magaadi la feel avutunna ra.........." and tries to hold rohan's collar.....
Bhumika:- Heyyy...............(Everyone looks her)
          Nuvvu veedu bayataku velli talupu veyyandi nen rohan tho matladaali..............
Man1 and man2 walks out with angry on rohan and indicating threat through eyes to rohan. Rohan looks at them disgustingly and lock the door.

Rohan:- (exhales and about to say something...)
Bhumika:- Sorry...................
        (Rohan confuses)
        Naaku kuncham pogaru ekkuva, andharu naa venakale padali nen evari venaka padakudadhu anukuneydhaani....
        Naaku balupu, chethilo dabbulu unnay ani istam vachi nattu matledestaa 
        Naaku kopam kuda ekkuva, nen ista padey manishi verey vaala tho tirigithey naaku nachadhu.......

Rohan:- (Confused and with some frustation) manchi gunaalu anni noori posaru mee intlo.....

Meanwhile deepak and shruti arrives to the hall and see man1 and man2 waiting outside........deepak gestures "whats happening..."

Bhumika:- (Gets up out of bed and walks to wards closet/shelf) Naaku relation loki velltanki discomfort em ledhu, kabatti dating avasaram ledhu
          (Rohan gives her side to shelf/closet)
          (She picks up a box wrapped in gift cover)
          Idhi nee birthday ki idham ani konna (unwraps it), nee bday ki verey gift kontaa le.....
          (Bhumika kneels down, rohan is complete shock like some wonder is happening)
          Idhi nee chethi ki chaala baguntaadhi........Vesuko.....
          (Rohan leaves his mouth open, and gives his hand. Bhumika wraps his wrist with bracelett and stands up - close rohan open mouth)
Rohan:- (stunned) Asalu em jarigindhi ippudu.....
Bhuimka:- manaki pelli ayyindhi...........(picking her jacketfrom hanger)
Rohan:- (hurrily) Enti bracelett key, inka ringuu kuda todagaledhu...............
Bhuimka:- Ring ki inka time undhi (adjusts her hair) appati varaku sheentho adjust avvu.....
Rohan:- Inni cheppav kaani, I love you inka maatram cheppaledhu.....
Bhumika:- Inni cheppaka adhi inka cheppal.....
          (Holds his hand drom side) Padha naaku akali vestundhi, bayataki velli em anna tindham......!!!!
          (opens door and walks out)
Outside man1 says to man2 that vaadu dhanai medha malli cheyyvesta chastaadu naa chethilo......Door opens and bhuimka and rohan walks out
holding his shoulder. Everyone including Rohan are in mood of shock. Rohan is still stubborn

Bhuimka:- Deepak okasri nee bike istava, mem bayataki velli dinner chesi vastam
Deepka:- (handles keys to her)

Rohan and bhuimka leaves, man1 say to man2 "Ee female kuda poyinattey, nee feminism chupinchatanki inko female ni vethukko"



