Doubts :-
    1. In the Stage one you mentioned that the body will have a monoplegia as they have the same soul.
        My question is if soul wants to make you two meet why does it destroy your motor functions?
        In my daily life nature paves way to make me meet someone or new frnds, it wont effect my
        brain motor functions. Why it will effect in our stage 1 ?

        I kept that paralyzed ting for both to make them trust that they have parallel lives after they
        meet. They can jump to conclusion of having parallel life.

        I can rewrite as the soul gave same fault to both the bodies.....
        If both bodies have same fault in them by birth then it should be diagnosed by doctor or not ?
        If the doctor diagnose there is no trauma for Anand and need to change the backstory of anand.
        If the doctor can't diagnose what unique disease soul gave to them ??

    Solution:-
        Ohk Here for engangin purpose they both have a disease from childhood where no doctor can diagnose it
        Doctors diagnose it to FND but they dont have FND. Its something else.
        This has nothing to do with Soul, its for story engagement purpose.


    2. In Stage 2, How data from one mind transfers to other mind, is it a wifi or what to transfer ???
        The brain getting stressed, nosebleeds are fine and understandable, but who is putting that memory
        on each others brain ???? Soul wouldn't do it??? It gives you a free will ??

        If you want both the persons to get to know about each other you can plan something like they
        had a dream and in that dream they saw the persons cruelty. This is more better and convincing
        to audience and to YOU.

    3. In stage 3 they feel both the people memories, they feel the emotions towards the people , etc.
        These all incidents and events are nice, but the reason behind it is very foolish

    4. In stage 4, Why the voluntary actions of A will reflect to B.
        If both the body are connected to single soul then that soul wont pass signals of actions to each body.
        Soul wont control the bodies it just learns from it.
        Even this has a flaw in it , their actions wont be replicated   