The assumptions are The two souls are same and they tied with same karmic structure. As they have different body and mind the accumulations are different because of 
the surroundings they grew. SAME KARMIC STRUCTURE THE PAIN / SUFFERING / ACCOUNTABILITY SHOULD BE SAME NOT EVENTS. Sometimes they can be same events.
 
1. Two humans with Same soul living in  SINGLE MULTIVERSE.
2. As they are souls they have same Karmic structure / Karmic ropes tied the soul body and mind.
3. Becoz of this same karma they have same events happening to them - The Parallel Life
4. When the two humans are apart they just experience some unavoidable events, Same events happens to them.
	(They experience the same karma tied to the souls, what about the current karmas they perform and future karmas ?????)

5. When the emotional closeness growing slowly the soul start to disentangle with mind and body. But it wont disentangle completely as complete disentanglement happens 
	when the human realizes himself, change should happen from within.

6. When the closeness slowly grew, the karmic nature accelerates. The karma starts to increase its pace. So more parallel events happen (Unavoidable events)
	(As the karmic nature accelerates they both feel their friendship as bad omen. As all the sufferings happens one after other)

7. When the emotional closeness slowly crosses a border the souls of each person starts to disentangle. (They both gain some wisdom too).

8. When this soul disentangle , lets say 30% - the souls want to feel the same emotions as other soul - connected to same parent soul.
	So if the human feels an emotion which is associated with soul emotions, then the other human soul wants to feel the same emotion. Becoz of this the 
	person does actions without his senses to satisfy his soul need.
	Example:-
		B does an action becoz of his mind/compulsion/Identity/Addiction habits (Emotional effect) -> A does something which returns same emotional effect to his soul
		A has an action which doesn't have any emotional effect to soul -> B doesn't do any action, as its not an soul emotion.
	 			(Here soul emotion can be pain, suffering, intense sadness, etc but not physical pain. Pain or emotional distress which relates to soul are 
					forcefully done by other human to satisfy his soul).
	If the event is karmic level it happens to both of them, maybe same event or different event suffering is same. But the event is human level then the result of 
	human level event reaches soul (soul emotion), then the other person does it involuntarily

Certain deep human emotions can feel like they touch our core and soul: love, grief, and awe. 
These feelings shake us deeply and change how we see life.
	Love and Compassion Deep Love: A strong bond with another person or family that makes you feel totally safe and complete.
	Compassion: Feeling the pain of others so strongly that you want to help them with all your heart.
	Grief and Loss Profound Grief: A heavy sadness from losing someone you love that reaches the deepest part of who you are.
	Despair: A dark feeling of having no hope, which tests your inner strength.
	Awe and Wonder Awe: Looking at vast beauty, like stars or nature, and feeling very small yet deeply connected to the universe.
	Ecstasy: A peak moment of extreme joy or spiritual peace that makes time stop


	
But there is one thing to remember. The soul entangles with body and mind and forgets itself. It feels that mind and body are part of soul. 
Because of this phenomena soul believes that few mental pain events are my events and soul would also feel the pain. This goes for body pain too.
The amount of soul entanglement with body and mind the soul has will reflect it whether its a soul emotion or not.  

