A conflict between Four characters. (Vinod, Shreya, Umesh, Chandra)
Shreya is married to umesh. But she had an affair with vinod.
Shreya and vinod are a middle class. Where as Umesh and chandra are rich than vinod and shreya.

Shreya and vinod are very close frnds, more than frnds. Their relation is named as frnd but they bith like each other but never
expressed it. 
But suddenly..................

Shreya married to umesh. Due to many other reasons like money, status, caste, family approval, Good match, etc.
After marrying she wasn't satisfied with her married and sex life. Her expections on money were matched and other expections 
are not satisfied. (Talking, comfort, Vibe, Hanging-out, sex, Spending time, etc)

So shreya found all those with vinod. The started to have affair. As shreya is married to rich she use to organise all Their
visits. She has money so she went where ever she want by lying to umesh. Umesh intially didnt interfered as they were newly married.
But later he didnt like her going to places. She used to say she is hanging out with frnds but he hesitated. He wants to say NO,
but couldn't as he doesnt want her to think of him as toxic.

Shreya found his weakness and started to enjoy with vinod. Vinod got a good job in umesh company, with the recommendation of umesh.
Vinod is happy as he got a good job and rented a nice house, took a car in emi too. Vinod salary is quite good around 2lakh.
Shreya and vinod were happy.

But one day when vinod, umesh, Shreya and Chandra are having a party in umesh place due to some occassion. Chandra drank exceeding his limit and 
rattled some words that He love shreya but he couldn't able to get her. He likes and fantasied about her soo much but destiny had othe plans for him.
Chandra even spoke that he wishes one day umesh and shreya to get divorced so that he can get a chance being with her.
Chandra feels like nani in ninnu kori movie and utters all those words.

Umesh is complete shock of his words. Next day chandra apolozies to umesh, but he refuses and gets angry on him saying how can you fantasied about others wife.

From then umesh starts to get possessive and over protective about shreya. Intially he is afraid to restrict her but now he got an oppurtunity. 
He uses chandra reason in order to control shreya. Umesh says he may meet you when iam not there and he may convince you or force you or may attack you............

This becomes hard for Shreya and vinod as they couldn't able to meet as frequently as before. But they use to meet secretely.