Samhith and rohan.

Samhith a 23yr software engineer working in hyderabad and living in PG. Working in software as everyone doing and he didn't figured or 
tried to figure about his passion. He has less frnds around him and he is not so happy with his daily life.
He have collegues in office but he isn't much friendly with them.
He always spends his weekends in room watching series or movies. He wants a frnd with whom he can talk anything but he is 
afraid to take the first initiative of conversation.

On a fine sunday samhith is eating puff with a tea in a small bakery. He is eating his own snacks and scrolling insta.
Suddenly his Inter frnd Rohan accidentally sees samhith. Rohan is just passing by and encounters Samhith.
Rohan out of surprise "Rey samhith....."
Samhith with his earphones sipping tea, in a confused state turns to him.
Rohan laughs "Ikkada em chestunav ra ....?" offers his hand for shakehand

Samhith who is still in trans of insta reel looks at him removes his earphones and shakes his hand with the same question mark face....
Rohan sits in front of his chair.

Rohan is excited and samhith is also excited but it took some delay to express the excitment on samhith face.

Rohan:- Ela unnav ra.....
Samhith:- Baganeyy unna ra 
Rohan:- Enni years nunchi Hyd lo untunnav...
Samhith:- 2yrs ey.....
Rohan:- Em company
Samhith:- Wipro !

They both talk all their inter stuff, their present job related things and etc.... 
Rohan orders some puffs and samosa and samhith orders another puff.
The time slowly flows as they talk....
After sometime.....

Rohan:- Vaadu 15k teesukunnad ra..... (explaining about an inter frnd they had and the debt he did)
Samhith:- Avuna (shocks that he inter frnd did all the debt)
Rohan:- Nijam, nelalo tirigi istaa annadu ra, alaa aaru nelalu ayyindhi....
Samhith:- (surprises and a bit happy inside that his childhood frnd spoiled and he is a bit above him. Comparing his situation with him and feeling happy)
Rohan:- Sujith gaadu inka velli pedha godava chestey 8k tirigi ichaadu migatadhi one week lo ista annadu anta......
        Aa migata amount ippati ivvaledhu......
Samhith:- Odiyamma !
Rohan:- Mamulga nen kuda appudappudu dabbulu teesukunta ra, kaani cheppina time tirigi icheystaa
Samhith:- Adhey le (doesn'y want to agree his words but cant disagree in that situation)
Rohan:- Mana lo manaki ayithey parledhu ra.... nammakam untaadhi. Bayata vaalki ayithey problem.
Samhith:- Ayina Sujith gaadu ila chestadu ani nen aalu anukoledh ra....
Rohan:- adhey kadha nen kuda shock uuu (agreeing with him. He believed that he listened everything in genuine way)

They both reach to reception. Rohan insists on paying the bill for both of them.
Samhith:- Entha ayyindhi anna ? (picks his phone)
Reception:- 220 bro.
Rohan:- Undu ra nen kadatha....
Samhith:- Praledhu ra naadhi nen kadatha.....
Rohan:- Undu ey, nuvvu nee mohamaatam.....(pays the bill)

Samhith is bit happy inside that his bill is paid but covered as if he doesn't like it.

After that they both exchange their numbers and rohan drops samhith at his place.

After a week rohan calls samhith. Where samhith is working form his PG doing WFH.

