NEVER FEED YOUR BRAIN WITH CHEAP INSTANT DOPAMINE, IF EVERYTHING BECOMES SO EASYFOR YPUR BRAIN THEN IT INSTANTLY
REFUSES ANYTHING THATS DIFFICULT.
NEVER COMPRAMISE YOUR SLEEP TO GET MORE THINGS DOEN. OVER EXHAUSTION IS NEVER AN ACHIEVEMENT.


Umcomfortable things to reveal what you hide.
    1. List 5 things you are proud of, then write who was hurt or overlooked for each one to happen
    2. Write a letter of forgiving yourself for something you have never actually forgiven yourself for and notice which snetence
        you cant bring yourself to write.
    3. Interview yourself as hostile journalist, ask questions you would never let yourself be asked
    4. List the roles you play for other people, write what happens to you emotionally when you are not performing 
    5. Write the thing you needed to hear as a kid that no one side and say it to yourself in present tense.
    6. Identify the compliment you have never believed and write out honestly why you dont believe it.

Ways to Read People:-
1. Ask them to describe someone they dislike.
2. Notice what someone jokes about alot.
3. Watch who changes subject right after a compliment lands too well
4. Watch how they correct people.
5. Give them choice between two good things.


Emotional Supressing:-
    Suppress your anger, it becomes people-pleasing. You're terrified of conflict, so you betray yourself just to keep the peace. 
    Suppress your sadness, it becomes numbness. You stop feeling everything, not just the pain.
    Suppress your fear, it becomes control. So you try to manage everything so nothing can ever hurt you again. 
    Suppress your shame, it becomes perfectionism, because being flawless will finally make you accepted and lovable. 
    Suppress your guilt, it becomes overgiving. So you keep trying to make it right by sacrificing yourself. 
    Suppress your insecurity, it becomes arrogance. So you act superior just to cover the part of you that feels unworthy. 
    Suppress your jealousy, it becomes judgment. So you mock what you secretly wish you had. 
    Suppress your hurt, it becomes sarcasm. So your humor turns into your armor. 
    Suppress your need for love, it becomes hyper-independence. So you convince yourself you don't need anyone. 

And that's the dark side of your personality. 
Most of who you are was simply shaped by emotions you learned to hide and suppress. 
So instead of constantly trying to fix the parts of yourself that you don't like, 
try to understand what emotion is buried underneath them. Because if you only change 
the behavior but never deal with what caused it, it will always, always come back.
