ITS A HORROR / DRAMA

The Hallyway should be scary. The creepy crawler should scare the shit out of you . It should start with scary dull light 
and silence music which sets the tone for the audience tha it is a uncanny creepy thing.

 THE MOST IMP PART IS THE HALLYWAY AND CREEPY GUY. IT SHOULD LITERALLY SCARE AND SHIVER PEOLE. THEY SHOULD JERK OUT OF FEAR!
 (MUSIC, DIRECTION AND EDITING PATTERN WILL ALSO PLAY A MAJOR ROLE IN HORROR)

 JUMP SCRARE SHOULD BE UNIQUE FOR EACH ATTEMPT IT SHOULD BE CREEPY AND SCARY

Characters:- 

    Vijay:- Impulsive, Reaction comes first later thinking. Have all addictions (Alcohol, cigaratte, Drugs occasionally)
    Bhumika:- A bit arrogant & Two Faced. Crush on sidhu but couldn't get him. She behaves modern, Posh utters english mostly.
                She wears dress which are costly and Posh, even though it doesn't suit her.

    Saranya:- Looks innocent, modern + traditional. Assumes she is being nice with everyone but people around me are so mean & selfish
                She expects good which exhausts her and her relation with sidhu is faded
    Sidhu:- Looks smart & calm. Had exhasutive relationship with saranya. Wanted to move out but stays. He tries to spend time with others
            than with her as he can release his shoulder stress.

Sidhu (holding two bottles of alcohol) and Saranya arrives to Vijay room. Sidhu knocks on the door, seems excited 
Saranya stands beside sidhu preparing herself to act nice with her friendly-enemy Bhumika. 
Vijay opens the door and welcomes them. Saranya feels happy as bhumika didn't open the door.
Vijay takes the bottle from sidhu's hand and keeps on the table. Vijay shows the new TV he bought recently.
Vijay says they bought this TV for cheap price in near by market. Sidhu surprises Nice TV, lucky to get one for low price.
Sidhu and saranya looks at it and says cool......

Meanwhile Bhumika arrives from bedroom hugs sidhu showing her excitment meeting him, saranya looks away as she is not intrested 
in bhumika & to cover her jealous. After hugging Bhumika greets saranya, saranya fakes her laugh as she is intrested to meet her.
Bhumika eyes filled with little triumph as she made saranya jealous.

They all start to arrange the drinks and snacks for a movie night. While carrying drinks and snacks vijay accidently about 
to bump into saranya, he apologies to her like a gentlemen. Saranya walks into kitchen where bhumika is arranging somthing,
Sidhu approaches to them and asks "What did you cook ?". Bhumika says chilli chicken (with a flirty tone) FOR YOU.
Sidhu eats it and says "Wow, it is better then saranya's chilli chicken".
Saranya (with jealousy tone - forced laugh) "I never cooked chilli chicken"
Sidhu "Yeahh....."
Bhumika (with her poshy tone) "Even if you cook it wont beat my receipe..."
Sidhu "Thats right...."
Sidhu and bhumika laughs and takes the food to hall. Saranya stands their with pissed off face. Her fight slowly turned on her husband 

They all sat in front of the TV with lights ON. Bhumika on the left, beside Sidhu, Vijay and Saranya (on the right)
Drinks and Stuff lies in front of them.
Vijay says "before starting cheers to Sidhu and Saranya for getting married." Vijay claps bhumika also claps to look good in front of 
sidhu. Saranya fakes her smile and acts like she is happy. (Sidhu and vijay cheers their beers)
Saranys picks a beer and bhumika picks another beer.
Vijay:- Pelli date fix ayyara ??
Sidhu:- Inka muhurtham pettaledhu.....Present ayihtey rendu families ni convince chesam successfull ga 
Vijay :- (shouts Ohhhh....) Congratulations man......(Sips beer) 
            Naadhi bhumika dhi next month 1year anniversary undhi. 
            Sucessfully completed 1 year of relationship......(Ohhhhh)
Everyone all together cheers the drinks.

Bhumika:- Lets plan a trip.......manam andhram kalisi veldham, chaala rojulu ayyindhi trip plan chesi.....

Saranya is about to say No with an excuse of marriage work, meanwhile sidhu interrupts and says "Yeah sure Definetely"
Saranya pisses of and rolls her eyes...! (Saranya thinks he should take my opinion too right, how can he promise without my consent)

Vijays say lets PLAN A TRIP ALL TOGETHER (Ohhh - lifts his drink..)

Suddenly the power cuts.

They search for their phones for flash light, In a moment the lights appear. They all settle and turns off the flashlight 
Sidhu notices that the TV is missing in the hall.
He calls Vijay and says "Hey your TV is missing man, where is it ???"

Vijay kind of surprised+suspicious. Sidhu jokes "Cheap TV kadha andukey kanapadtkedhu emo.."
Bhumika feels weird and says to vijay to check the TV.

Vijay nervously gets UP and walks towards his bedroom hallway.

Their he can see his TV standing on a table displaying "WELCOME TO LEVEL-1" as in a game font of mario and music plays
The music relates to like a kids rhythm/ mario game music
The hallway looks clean well-maintained but the lighting makes it feel disturbing. The other side of the room is bedroom.
The bedroom door is wide open.

Sidhu calls vijay asking what happened and what you are staring at ?

Vijay takes few steps doubtfully and slowly steps towards the TV and hears someone's footsteps from bedroom.
Vijay stops !
The bedroom looks so dull and uncanny as if someone is hiding in it.
Sidhu walks towards him as it is taking too long. Sidhu sees the TV and laughs, says to bhumika that the TV walked to 
hallway as if it had legs. 

Bhumika and Saranya walks to see if it is true or not. They both look at it, saranya doesn't want to stand beside bhumika so 
she takes few steps and walks beside vijay.
Sidhu is ahead of everyone. Saranya is one step behind sidhu but had a gap in between them.
Bhumika and vijay are back of these both and they too had a gap between them.
They dispersed like corners of a parallelogram.

Screeching notification tone plays

Suddenly the TV plays a kindergarden rhythm, and displays " IF YOU SEE HIM, DONT MOVE ! "
They all thinks "Whats happening with TV"
Saranya says "What happened to your TV Vijay"
Sidhu "Andukey cheap quality encourage cheyyakudadhu...."

Suddenly they see a creepy guy slowly peeking from the bedroom. 
Saranya looks at it and alerts the guys saying their is someone overthere.
Sidhu takes one step forward for better clarity, the creepy guy start moving. They all startles and halts.

The creepy guy looks so lean and kind of a shapeshifter. Completely dirty and torn clothes. He has cross marks on his body.
Looks like people tied him forcely and hit him with knives and blades. Due to the dull lighting they couldn't
make much out oh him. Optional:- But they can see a shadow of butcher knife in his hand while crawling. 

They take time to process of what they just saw.

Bhumika takes a step back saying "I should call someone"
The creepy guy starts coming out of the door. 

Saranya looks at the TV and says "No one Moves"....
        "Look at the TV, it says not to move when we see him."
Vijay says that all crap "Bhumika go get my phone..."

The creepy guy start to crawl towards them rushingly with creepy sound......
JUMPSCARES everyone with his movement
Everyone gets startled and stubborn for the sudden jumpscare.
They all starts to scream and sidhu shouts not to Move. "FREEZE, EVERYONE FREEZE DONT MOVE....."
Everyone stops moving and stares at the creepy guy.

The creepy guy slowly crawly backwards and jumpsacre by taking a sudden forward step, all four shakes their body of fear.
He slowly crawls back to bedroom door and peeks.

Saranya says if we move he is gonna approach Us.....
Vijay says then what we have to do Now ???

The TV plays a screeching notification tone and displays the rules of the Game.....
It displays.....

        "Every Person gets two questions each"
        "Their is Buffer time between questions"
        "The answer should be Truth, else he will approach you"

    "The Game Begins in a moment.........."
    (Game music relates to mario/ Kids rythm)

All the four are confused looks at each other. They have lot of questions in them, who is that guy?? Which game???
Should we shout and alert someone ??? All are very confused and scared

    "LET'S START......."
    (Music stops)
    (Screeching notification plays and displays the Question)

All four feels uncomfortable when the notification tone plays. Like ears irritating

The TV Displays :- 
             Q.) Bhumika, Whose Success will hurt you the most??

        Bhumika takes a pause like what ?????
        Sidhu says you should tell the truth else he will approach us.!
        Bhumika feels Ok , I will answer like its a piece of cake task.

        Bhumika:- I am not that jealous type (Saranya feels - overaction chestundhi - exhales), 
                (imitates american accent) I have a broad mind and wish for everyones wealth..........
                (Creature starts crawling towards her with creepy footsteps sound)
                (All four startles and screems, shakes knees as they shouldn't move)
        Vijay:- (shouts tell the truth goodammit)
        Bhumika:- (scares the shit out of Bhumika, rushes and says with fear) Saranya........
                    Naaku Saranya baguntey nachadhu.........(panting)

                (The creature crawls back to behind the wall)
        Bhumika pants out of fear
        Saranya:- (Ohhh like shocking - feels angry like I knew it)
                    Naaku telsu ey, nee jeevitham antha naa medha padi yedtanki saripoyindhi....
                    Nee yedupu tagiley chaala vishyalu chethi dhaka vachi poyayi....
        Bhumika:- (raise eyebrows and rolls eyes - yedisavle)

    TV plays the screeching notification displays the next question (Creature near the bedroom door)

             Q.) Sidhu :- Do you like marrying Saranya ??

        All three people look at sidhu, Sidhu gulps. Saranya looks at him in a tensed way as she has intution that he may say no.
        Saranya kind of convinced her whole family for marriage with sidhu. Now she is sweating not becoz of creature but for the answer
        of Sidhu.

        Sidhu - Me and Saranya have our differences but we slowly making out to be a understanding couple 
                (saranya nods her head - yes,yes)
                We may fight sometime but that doesn't create any distance.....
                (The creature starts to rush crawl towards him....)
                (sidhu out of fear keeps his both hands like stopping and says) Naaku istam ledhu.....
                Edho tondarlo oppukunna.....

                (The creature crawls back to behind the wall)

        Saranya:- (Starts crying....) (Bhumika blushes as saranya life is spoiled) Sidhu doesn't know what to do as he shouldn't 
                    move to touch and console her. Vijay acts like he has No idea as his total concentration is on the beer in hall.
        Saranya:- (covers her face with hands - cries) Naa life complete ga spoil ayyipoyindhi.....Its over !

        Sidhu:-  Saranya Iam sorry, but we can make it out. Mana marriage ni workout cheyyachu 
                Dont worry...! I still Like you.
        Saranya:- (Looks at him angryily with the tears filled eyes) Like me Na, Like me na ra
                    Propose chesinappud love you ani ippudu like me na..........(She just moves a inch) - 
                    Vijay shouts not to move, Sidhu says to stay and dont move....
                    The creature crawls towards her rushes jumpscare....
                    seeing that saranya screams closing her eyes and ears with her hands.
                    (The creature stops and crawls back to behind table not benhind the wall)
                    Saranya slowly opens her eyes and relieves....

        Vijay :- Plz dont move guys......

    TV plays the screeching notification (Creature 10 steps to table)

             Q.) Vijay:- How many times did you masturbate thinking of Saranya ????
        
        All three look at him like..... What kind of question is this !
        Bhumika:- ew disgusting.
        Vijay inhales deeply like - Iam dead !
        Sidhu is waiting for his reply, Saranya had a sobbing face

        Vijay is already shit scared - the creature slowly starts to step forward...
        Vijay rushes and says with fear - several times, I never counted..........
                                            I never counted..........
        Bhumika :- WHAT ?????

        Sidhu - Rey paapistinaakodaka/ Traitor na kodaka, adhi naa pellam ra........
        Saranya - (mondi ga) Nen nee pellam kaadhu....!
        Bhumika - I completely feel cheated ..... You pervert piece of shit....
        Sidhu:- Intha pervert entra ra nuvvu..(turns back to vijay)
        Vijay:- Vennaki tiragaku, mundhu chudu adhey vachystaadhi.......
        Bhumika - (Off screen) I should totally breakup with you !!

    TV plays the screeching notification (Creature 9 steps to table)

             Q.) Saranya:- What backbitching you did on Bhumika to get Rishi's attention ??
    
        Saranya:- (Full confident and straight as ahe is completely pissed coz of her marriage) I told him her mouth smells 
                filthy and stinks around her while talking

        Bhumika:- (Completely frustates as she got backbithced Curses) How DARE you bitch, 
                    You took him away from me, shameless woman
        Sidhu:- (Struggling to stand still) Rishi evaru ? (confused)
        Bhumika:- I swear Iam gonna kill you (Scream out of anger)
        Saranya:- (ragebaiting bhumika) I even had late night video calls with Rishi, you dumb cunt....!
        Bhumika:- Nen parichayam chesa rishi ni neeku, alantidhi ....You stolen my crush !! 
                (She frustates and shivers her knees out of anger)
        Vijay:- Kadhaladhu bhumika plz......
        Bhumika:- Pora dunnpothu.......

    TV plays the screeching notification (Creature 8 steps to table)

             Q.) Sidhu:- How many times you went for bhumika after a fight with Saranya (Wife) ?

        Sidhu gulps and doesnt know whether to answer as he already made saranya anger. But he has to say to Live!

        Sidhu:- (Clears throats - softly) Oka 5-6 times alaa......
        Sarnaya is holding her tears and breathes sharply. Behaves like I know this - Not surprised....
        Sidhu:- Its not like that, edho accident ga .....
        Saranya:- (frustates) accident ga taagi dhaani intiki poyava........
        Sidhu:- Edho strangers tho share cheskunnatu chesa.........anthey......
        Bhumika:- Starnger aa...... Saranya kanna mundhu nannu kalisiuntey nee life chaala bagundhey dhi aney vaadi vi ga...
                    ivvanni strangers tho cheptara....
        Vijay :- Ippudu cheppa ra.......yendaka nannu annav ga pervert ani.....

        Sidhu feels completely embarrased and ashamed. He couldn't able to console saranya and the truths almost ruined 
        everything. He stays with guilt and in a helpless situation.

    TV plays the screeching notification (Creature 7 steps to table)

             Q.) Vijay:- Why you took 70k from bhumika on June 20th ?? 

        Vijay(exhales and decides to say truth):- Akhila kosam...........(bends his head down with guilt of he ruined her)
        (Pauses for a moment.....)
        (Creature JUMPSCARES to approach......)

        Sidhu and saranya shouts the creature is comming....
        Bhumika out of fear - Cheppindhi purthi ga cheppi chaav...!

        Vijay (rushes out of fear):- (rushes words) Akhila ki abortion cheyinchatanki 70k vaadanu....
            (Creature crawls back)
        Bhumika:- stuns and opens her mouth out of shock, covers with hand
        Sidhu:- WHAT ???
        Vijay:- (dont over-react hold your horses I will explain clearly) Bhumika raaka mundhu Akhila naa Gf, 
            tana tho breakup ayina two months ki bhumika ni kalisa......
            Appudu oka roju akhila phn chesi ila cheppindhi. Na valla tana life spoil ayyindhi ani guilt vachindhi
            Naaku em cheyyalo ardham kaaka......(clears throat) Bhumika ni money adiga......

        Bhumika:- (sobs) Naa money tho oorlovaalki abortion cheyinchava....
        Vijay:- Its not like that, aa time lo em cheyalo teliledhu.......
        Bhumika:- I dont want to be here anymore......
        Saranya:- Same here..!

        Vijay:- Nen nijam cheppina kuda creature daggara ki vacheystundhi entra....
        Saranya:- Screen edge lo time limit undhi, Aa time ayyelopu ee game finish cheyyali......

        Vijay :- Tondara ga aadandi raa ayithey.....
        Sidhu:- Guys! em ayina sare nijaalu cheppeyandi, brathiki bayata paddaka Migatavi alochidham.....

        Bhumika:- (Sobbing) I can't take this anymore.........(close her face with hands - sobbing)

        Vijay tries to console her not becoz of lying to her but his life is depending on her........
        Vijay mind voice (Bayatki vellaka yedudhu gaani ipuudu aapukovey baabu....)

    TV plays the screeching notification (Creature 6 steps to table)

             Q.) Saranya:- Which private topic built intimacy between you and Vamsi ?

        Sidhu:- (shocks) WHAT...? VAMSI na.....
        Saranya:- thinks and doesnt utter any word...
        (Creature holding behind the TV table starts crawling with creepy sound.....)

        Vijay:- Cheppey Saranya, em anna untey tarvata chusukundham anndu ga.....cheppey plz..

        Saranya:- I told vamsi that sidhu wont last long in bed , that disappoints me ....!
        (Creature crawls back to TV table...)
        Sidhu:- (Totally embarresed) Are you insane.....
                Mana bedroom.....................
                vishayalu vaadiki...................
                cheppalsina avasram em undhi.......
        Saranya:- (out of anger) Nuv bhumika daggaraki vellinappudu ledha?
                    Neeku oka rule naako oka rule aa ???

        Sidhu:- (frustates) Kaani bhumika ki mana bedroom matters eppudu cheppaledhu.........
                (out of frustation of revealing his private sensitive topic to other) 
                You are the stupidest person I have ever met !!
        Saranya:- Same here...!
        Sidhu:- (frustating helplessness) Nee lanti ammayi ni pelli chesukokapovadam ey manchidhi......

        Vijay :- Bhumika idhi neekey......Idhi answer chestey mana andharam bayata padi povachu....Plz be ready...!!
        Bhumika:- Iam Done !

    TV plays the screeching notification (Creature 6 steps to table)

             Q.) Bhumika:- What is the one unspoken truth you’ve kept in your heart?
             
        Bhumika:- (Breathes gains strength to say it with her tear filled eyes) 
                    I love Sidhu, and I couldn't able to tell him that.
                    Vijay raaka mundhu naaku sidhu antey chaala istam (Emotional moment)
                    Vijay vachaka naa life baganey undhi kaani....There is still a void left in me.

                    (sidhu shocks, vijay confuses while listening)

                    I always felt so happy and special when iam with sidhu
                    Ippud manam brathakachu ledha chanipovachu.......If that happens....... 
                    I want to be with Sidhu in my next life..!
                    (Confident and Staright with pride - As she hesitated of saying, now she finnaly said it)

        Everyone stuns. They didn't expect that emotional scene and all her words felt genuine and true from heart.
        Everyone think did really bhumika spoke these words.....


The timer on TV completes and the screen slowly starts to glow white - INTENSIFIES.........

Next morning we see all four scattered in the hall sleeping in funny weird postions on sofa, floor in the hall.

All four wake up........out of tiredness and lethargy - Like they have some hangover.
All four voices are very lazy, stretchy and sleepy...

Vijay says - I had bad dream last night..........I have said some stupid things...
Sidhu - Even I had that weird dream of some creepy guy crawling towrds US....
Saranya - I dreamt of my marriage got cancelled (chuckles - like can you believe that )
            becoz sidhu said he dont like me (laughs)
Bhumika - I feel very light.....Like I have confessed something which I was holding for so Long.....
            Optional:- Gundello unna baaram antha dhicheyskunnatu undhi

All four laughs about it thinking what a weird dream they had.........cracks jokes on it saying it s hangover.

Vijay :- (lazy) I want to go to bathroom........

Vijay walks to hallway and sees the TV is still in the middle of the hallway displaying a message saying.....

        "End of Level. Prepare yourselves for Level 2."
        "Thank you for playing. We'll meet again for Level 2."

                                                        
                                                        BLACK SCREEN 