In the second half instead if deciding that heroinewould die, so it is better to spend her last days as she likes.
I would instead stand beside her learn about her disease like the hero from the movie we live in time and like nani from Hi Nanna movie.
I would study her complete disesae and what can be the cure. I will change her diet and some daily exercise/yoga for her health.
Even I would also follow the schedule of exercise/yoga and diet plan with her so that she would have some comfort in following schedule.
If only one does they may feel hesitant to do the asanas. But with company they might get some confidence. 
I would clean her residues (Shit and urine) clean her, feed her and I would take her outside in nature with fresh air and trees for 
fresh oxygen and refreshment. Makes new friedns with peopel and children in parks I would make her laugh every minute and try to remove 
and depressing convo or people which down her confidence.
Every minute I would make her body feel light and happy in ecstasy. As most of the disease can be half cured thorugh positive vibes and thoughts.
Hero:- Prathi vaalki vaala life lo oka purpose untaadhi, Brathakadam
        Kaani neeku rendu unnay.....Okati Brathakadam, rendu naa kosam Brathakadam
Heroine:- Naa life First purpose Nee kosam Brathakadam.........Rendodhi ledhu.........(Love)

he treats for 2-3 years there can be two outcomes, Heroine may remember him or foget him. If she remembers then Happy ending.
If she forgets even thats fine with him.
He disguises him as compounder and call her with respect like "meeru" or "meeku" "andi" and does all the cleaning and feeding work for her. Sometimes she wont feel comfortable with him as she forgot him
and treating him as stranger. So hero calls a lady nurse for cleaning work.
One day she asks her parents about compounder as she feels some connection with him. Her parents tells her the truth that he is not a compounder
and he is the person she loved and he took care of her all these years.
Later when hero enters than she asks about him....................Intially he acts as compunder later when she tells him that her parents
told her the truth. He opens up. He says he loved her so much that he couldn't let her go so easily.
Hero:- meeku surgery ayyaka nannu marchipoyi vellipoye chance undhi ani telisina nen meeku ee sevalu anni chesaanu....Antha istam meeru naaku.
        Ee tablets vesukoni ee juice taagandi
Heroine:- Nannu evng park lo tippatanki vastava ??
Hero:- Nen rooju cheseyshey ga.....Definite ga vastaa
Evening hero takes her in wheel chair to park there he introduces all the people she used to talk to before forgetting her memory.
heroine:- Naaku enduko telidhu kaani neetho edho close connection unnatu anipistundhi, some vibe....
          Ala ani ninnu hug chesukundhama antey enduko aa feel raavatledhu.....
          Nen discharge ayyaka, lets date ........I want to see .......I want to know you.
They starts dating and heroine gets to know him more and she visits hero's room. Hero's room is completely filled with boards books sticky notices
the reasearch done on her disease.
hero:- meeru ivi anni chusi naatho love lo padipovakarrledhu, nen sincere ga try chestaaa.....efforts nachithey padandi...(both laughs) 

Heroine's family gets to know that she is again dating with hero.
Heroine's brother:- Idhi malli vaadikey padipoye la undhi.....(looks at his father)
                    Inka enni rojulu nanna ila untaav.....em anna antey caste antav, nee kuthurini intha baaga chusukuney alludu dorukutaada.
                    Nuvv anna aaru nelalu intlo kurchunav emo gaani, vaadu matram prathi rooju dhaani thoney hospital unnadu. 3 years sevalu chesadu
                    Intha kanna manchi bartha ekkada dorukutaadu nanna nee kuthuriki.
Heroine's father doesn't say anything ans stands stiff like he didn't agreed. Later he sees his daughter returns to house with joyfull mood
as she spent her day with hero.
Heroine's mom approaches to heroine's father.
Heroine's father:- Naa kuthuru naatho kantey vaadi tho unnapudu ekkuvu navvutu kanipinchindhi.....
                    Nene antha chedda tandrinaa (Gets emotional and cries.......His wife consoles him)
                    Ayina parle (wipes his tears) Naa kuthuru em adigithey adhi icheystaaaa.....
                    Inko padhi yelu brathikey naa jevitam kosam 50 yelu brathikey naa kuthuru jeevitam paaduchestaana...
Heroine's brothe rlistens it from behind and interrupts them saying "Amma nen dosa lu vestunaa meeku kavala.....nannu neeku kavala".
Their parents wipes their tears and walks to kithc to have dinner.
Heroine's brother calls to hero and says "Bava....Mee mavvaya atthayya vopeysukunnaru.....Nee pelam okkalu voppukuntey chaalu....(smiles)"
One fine day hero asks her about the dates they had and how she is feeling for him. 
Heroine:- enduku adhi adugutunnav ?
Hero:- Em ledhu , okavela neeku istam ayithey......oka chinna surprise plan chedham ani.....
Scene cut to next day.
Heroine's parents hurries her to wake her in the morning saying that they need to attend an family function. They give her a dress looks like
a frok princess style. They take her to a place as a surprise. 
That place is nothing but the flat hero bought for him and heroine. Inside the flat all the family members, her friends and new people and children
she met at park everyone surprise her where hero is standing in middle of them wearing a suit and holding a ring to propose her.
She surprise and hero kneels and proposes her, she tears of happiness accepts the ring and hugs him. All the family members cheers laughs and 
celebrates when heroine hugs hero. Everyone are so happy for them ! Happy Fullfilled ending 