This is a situation where Taani explains to suri that she couldn't love him anymore. Taani says that she is empty and left with no love to offer to her husband or 
to anyone in her life.

This scene is recreating that scene in my POV. Inspired from that scene.

For time being ima using the same names of character but their chracterization is bit altered.

Female character taani says that she has left with no love in her as she lost her 1year relationship boyfriend due to some circumstances. Now she married suri as she 
left with no choice. She married suri with no intrest. Just becoz of her father. Lets assume that her boyfriend cheated her on wedding day. Due to that her village
mentality father married her forcefully to suri. As she was cheated by her boyfriend and got insulted in front her parents and village people. She couldn't able to 
say no to her father. 

Male character suri is favourite student to taani's father. Her father thought to marry his daughter with suri. But taani refused it. But when suri first saw her
he liked her very much becoz of her beauty and charm. Moreover, he doesn't have much female frnds so he kind of got desperate when taani's father requested him to marry 
her daughter. Primary thing is suri liked taani very much and he got oppurtunity in his favor. Taani's father requested him and intially suri hesitated to prove that
he is not desperate (but he is desparate for taani) and agreed becoz of her father in sense of respect elders word.

Taani is not happy with her marriage and she is not able to love suri. After marriage taani moved with suri. Previously Suri lives alone in his house. 
That is his parents house.
Suri's mother died when suri is seven and his father was drinker, torchered suri in his childhood. His father died due to liver damage when suri is 16. Since then suri 
lived in orphanage. Few years later his grandfather adopted him and took care of him. Suri had less frnds in his life. All his relatives abandoned suri as they dont 
want to take care of suri.
Suri's relatives suri ni palakarinchatanki kuda istapadru. Endukantey palakaristey ekkada suri responsibility kuda teesukovalo ani suri daagariki kuda raaru. 
anti anta nattu untaaru. Grandfather okkaley veedi responsibility teesukunnaru. Ayina kuda suri 22's lo unnapudu chanipoyaaru.

Suri and Taani travelles to suri town. Suri works as a punjab electricity company as software engineer. In train taani sits beside window and leans on the train 
window like she lost her strength in spine leans on the window. She is in a state where she is one inch away to burst or go insane. Suri watches her situation and sadness
not only in her face but also in her posture. Taani wears a chudhidhaar, Suri wears a causualt Tshirt. Suri brings her some food for lunch, when train halted at station.
He walks towards her and offers her food with hand as he don't know what to speak. She doesnt react, or doesn't even give a glance at the food. Her face Looks
tired of crying. Suri clears his throat and keeps food on the mini table. He doesnt know what to say as he knew that it need some time to recover from that 
situation, but lunch is needed for her as she didn't ate breakfast too. Suri is not close to her to feed her or to pamper her. So with a formal voice mixed with some
sense of hesitation and insecurity of not knowing how to handle the situation, he says- "Evandi bhojanam........ ikkada.......pe-du-tunna". Keeps the food on table
and walks out of compartment. He eats on the platform far from his compartment as he doesnt want taani to watch him eat. Suri feels that if taani sees me eating food
she may think that Iam a person with no feelings or stoned heart, but suri is extremely hungry and can't eat with taani. He eats lunch far away from his compartment.

After eating he enter the train and sits on his seat. He sits on the side lower seat, where taani sits on the lower window seat. Even though the seats are mostly empty
suri doesnt sit in front of taani, he maintains some distance. He assumes to give her some space.
The food sits on the table. Taani stares at the sky with a tired face. She cries frequently and wipes the tears. Stares at the sky and sleeps............
Suri watches her cry, watches her wipe her tears, watches her doaing into sleep. Suri feels completely helpless. 
Taani built a beautiful life in her dream and wished for it. That almost came true and in a sudden all her castle got demolished within split second.
"I know it takes alot of amount of time to recover. The Dream was built for days, weeks and months. Even removing floor by floor is hard and takes time. But for taani
it collapsed like crushing her heart completely. This unexpected trauma may even take a lifetime even then some people wont recover" said to suri himself.
Now suri watches at the sky helpless like taani.

Around at 7pm (night)........... taani's lunch still untouched.
They reach to their station all passengers start to take their luggage and waits at exit door of compartment. Suri prepares all the luggage but taani is still sleeping.
He waits for the train to stop at the platform. The train stops everyone starts getting down. Its the last station. Suri slowly calls her name twice, first time slowly
second time clears throat and louder voice.

Taani startles looks around with the sleepy exhausted eyes. Suri says station have arrived we have to get down. Taani washes her face at compartment basin and gets down.
Suri struggles to get the whole luggae down all by himself. Taani stands away staring at the station. 
Taani thinks "My life is over, from now on I stuck in this city in this station. All my dream are scattered". Suri is occupied completely with luggage. Two bags on his 
shoulder, two suitcase on both the hands another leftover bag on his neck. Suri calls taani to walk as she abruptly stares at something wothout walking.
Suri feels hard to manage all the luggage and taani together. Suri takes few steps and calls taani as she halts without walking.

Finally they made it the entrance of the railway station. They finds an auto. The auto driver helps suri with luggage. They arrive to suri's house. Suri thanks the 
auto driver and gives 50rupees extra in fare. Taani stands on front of the gate looking at whole house. Suri takes her to second floor Flat-No 212. Opens the door 
and welcomes taani into house, offers her to sit and he walks down to bring the luggage. He gets tired after bringing all the luggage.
Suri walks to taani panting, asks her what would she like to eat. Suri gasping "Meeru madhaynam kuda em tinaledhu, edho okati tinandi."
Taani with a lousy tired voice "Naku em vadhu..". Suri "Ala anakandi...Idli tintaara...??" Taani wont respond. Suri "Sare idli dosa rendu testaanu meeku nacindhi,
tinandi.......". Suri walks out to bring the food.

