Deepak:- Age around 24(Insecured Intovert), From Andhra pradesh - Vijaynagram (Behaviour, voice accent), Higher middle class (Financial status)

Deepak:- Have deep fantasies regrding girlfriend, fantazises by watching movies, reels and social media influence:- They both went for a trip
in train and in trian they both slept on same coach(The coach is 1-tier with doors). She saying that Ur very matured and ur gave comfort to me.
He apolozising he funnily and she acts she angry for sometime, and jumps on him lughing and hugging him. She totally understanding him. mostly
romance between them and that isolated. His fantansies doesn't contain frnds from his side or her side, only they both everytime.  

Buts lacks clarity and ground reality. Extraction through relationships(Girlfriend):- He thinks he can spend whole day with her isolated without
any third persons presence. He expects her to leave all her frnds for him and spend time with him, like he leaves all his frnds for her.
He gifts her what she likes and expects her fall and kiss him for the surprise he gave. Assumes she is also thinking about me all day Like I do.
If anytime she calls him he wantedly replies "Thinking of you" everytime even though he is not thinking. She gets irritated as shee feels 
it as Fake feelings. Replies disguntingly "Neek verey pani ledha???". Even though there is nothing to talk, he forcefully extends the talk,
intially she likes when talk is extended but sometimes she gets fed-up of this when unnecessarily conversation is getting extended.

Thinks of him as most matured Ideal husband / Boyfriend and strongly believes he IS NOT TOXIC:- Watching the reels in social media and thinks 
he can handle very matured. If the reel shows:- Efforts from men are less then he thinks My efforts are up to the mark.
Reel shows:- Woman leaving a man, he thinks maybe he didn't gave her enough love thats why she left, but My love is strong the person wont leave.
reel shows:- man restricting woman for going ouside, roaming with her frnds, or male frnds - he thinks I allow her and she takes her with me.
He thinks a situation where he gets insulted then she says to them that "My BF is very matured and I never see an man with this much of maturity" - supporting him in public

He has a lot of insecurities within his behaviour and possessiveness around shruti. His actions seems toxic to other people
but those are his insecurities reflecting in his actions:- He can't handle if she gives priority to her frnds than him. Like he said lets go
out and eat then, she replies that lets take our frnds too - possessive. If she hangs out wiht her any of the male frnds. If she speaks causually
with him about any of her male frnds. If he sees some male frnd is tickling her or keeping his hand oh her shoulder - random physical touching.
He gets violently possessive with these stuff. 

Sometimes he imagines staring at random starnger about how she initiated first meet with him because of his personality. He assumes his personality
will attract woman towards him and after talking with they will start falling for him
But he is afraid to take the first initiative

He sometimes even thinks that his friend's Gf will also be close to him and may like him becoz of his maturity and idealness.
He always wants to look matured in eyes of his fantasy girl, can't risk or collapse his reputation:- When she praises one her male frnd that he
is good in someting or he is wise, he may feel jealous of that. He has a extreme fear of losing her.
So he always does work for her even though he has lot of other work on him, becoz she wont approach other men for help (Fear that she may get close
to other and may leave him - Extraction wont be possible)

He takes help from only his limited friend circle:- 
Tries to spend most time with her and expects her to do the same.
Does things which will help improve his reputation, which goes to extreme trying to accept everything which he didn't like, acting over nice,
shows caring in appropriate situations too. Tries to be nice by over apolozising for no reason:- While walking his hand just touches her 
says "Im Sorry", 

He tries to prove his maturity to her no matter the situations or vibe it is.
Even though he is possessive inside he acts as matured in front of rohan and shruti and gives some other reason for his grudges, the reasons
looks foolish for others sometimes and valid for some other times.

He talks more nicely with girls(frnds) than boys. He is friendly with boys more friendly to girls. But he stumbles talking to the girl he likes
He doesn’t allow to take order/authority from his male frnds. But takes from female frnds thinking of it as husband material quality.
He treats his frnds normally, all friends are mostly same to him. Anti anta nattu untaadu. He mostly fantasies about gf stuff

Pro:- H estudies very well, understands concepts focuses and concentrates on topics and understands even how hard the solutions or problem is.

DAILY ROUTINE:- 
    After graduation he stays in his house. Above middle class family kind of rich. Doesn't have much pressure from parents like rohan.
    Wakes late in the morning, eat breakfast roam with his friends Some times he gets call of rohan he avoids it. Afternoon he applies 
    for some jobs in websites, evenings either he will watch movies or roam outside or study. Nights he talks with his aunt frequently. 
    His aunt asks him to come to Foreign as she have big villa out there good college for him to do Mtech, but he wants to do job and earn
    some money on his own. His aunt likes him so much as she doesn’t have a son, she had two daughters not son. She is open minded, 
    loves her daughters - more like a friend to deepak. His friends says there is a coaching centers in HYD which will get you a job
    So he decides to stay with rohan and attend his coaching. 
    In Hyd his daily routine waking sluggish doing the morning stuff brushing, bathing, eats something as breakfast. Beakfast would mostly
    be insane options like half opened lays packet, maggie, oats, Outside Tiffins.
    Rohan drops deepak on his scooty to coaching center(different center), have lunch at stalls near coaching center. They both stays in rohan friends room(Kiran) 
    for free, somedays other friends would join in there room for various activities like drinking, cinema shooting, as its not there room they 
    adjust with them. Sometimes they give room keys to kiran frnds while they are going to coaching center.
    Coaching center completes at 5-6pm. Rohan picks deepak they reach room, sometimes they clean kiran's frnds mess, sometimes they wont make any 
    mess. Evenings they go out to eat something OR they cook in their kitchen OR does their assignments - orders food or one of them gets food for both
    At nights they walk around the streets if they dont have any work and not tired.
    Some days kiran frnds would come at evenings of weekdays. Rohan and deepak may hangout with them or does their work by closing their doors while 
    they partying in hall. Or they go out sometimes while kiran's friends hanging out.

    Weekend(only sunday) have two possibilities:-
    1. Wake late at lunch time order food from swiggy, Afternoon movies, Evenings they walk outside to check stranger girls as its weekend, roam till night
        eats outside and reaches their room.
    2. Roams outside the whole day - malls, movies, etc
    3. Kiran's friends wolud come to their room for partying. His friends are mostly chillar modal bolthey people. Funny, dumb careless drinkers.
        Some of the friends will do some part time jobs, some do Mtech, etc. Sometimes rohan and deepak stays with them in weekend, sometimes they 
        go out as they dont want to be in the mess they created.
    

s