Rohan:- Age around 25 (Dominant Introvert), From Andhra pradesh - Village in Rajahmundry (Behaviour, voice accent), Middle class (Financial status)

    Hostile:- Showing or feeling opposition or dislike: Unfriendly;
    Vindictive:- having/ showing strong or unreasoning desire for revenge
    Resentment:- is a stored, long-term feeling of hurt, injustice, or insult that a person doesn’t process, express or resolve. instead 
                 they carry it intentionally, replay it mentally and let it color how they see the other person over time.
    Grudge:- It is deliberate decision to keep remembering a wrong and not forgive the person who did it.
    Resentment vs Grudge:- 
        Resentment is the person may want to forgive but emotional hurt is still alive, they are unable to let it go even if they think they should
            this feeling controls them more than their decision should.
        Grudge is the person doesn’t want to forgive and believe forgiveness is undeserved. The decision controls emotion

    Passive-aggressive:-
        Someone who does not express anger openly, but:
            Becomes emotionally distant
            withholds warmth
            waits for an oppurtunity to justify their negativity
            expresses hostility indirectly rather than directly
        
    Ambivalence:- 
        Ambivalence is the state of simultaneously experiencing contradictory feeling, attitude or emotions (Such as love & hatred OR 
        Attraction and repulsion) toward a person, object or action

Rohan:- He came to hyderabad to get a job around 10lpa. He had financial problem in his family. His Fathers brother cheated his father in 
assets, so they filed a case in court. The case is in court for 7 years. Meanwhile his family had some other debts too. Now he has to 
get a job and support his family condition. Rohan's mother is extremely traditional and believes in god. She does fasting, and climbs temple
steps on her knees so that her family struggles settles and rohan gets a 10lpa job. He had a lot of burden on him from his family which is too
much for him to handle at his age. He likes his family very much.

Doesn't like relationships thinks and cares for his family more. Loves his family more. He gets into relationships only when he felt that vibe
and not for just time pass OR extraction. He is not so keen as deepak to get a girl. He sees relationship stuff as overrated.

He is authoratative around friends. If he finds a person who behaves as his servant or under him, he keep on shows his dominance on him. Accepts him as frnd
If his friend doesn't allow dominance on them (like deepak) he mostly avoid speaking(resentful) with them as he doesn't know how to show emotions without
dominance involved in it. When he is happy or active then he accepts their leadership - like two leaders in a room. When is not active then
he won't allow another leader in his room.
He even asks help to his frnds as Order, with another leader he never asks help until the help or the reason for help is holding his position of leadership.
When he is active / happy, then he asks help to leader without position necessary reason.

He talks with woman without any fear that's why deepak asks him for help and suggestions.
But he thinks of himself as very understanding, IDEAL FRIEND for everyone. He believes that he is not authoratative, and believes he is very jovial friend to people.
He will be friendly until his leadership / dominance is'nt disturbed. It is triggered when people won't agree to his disagreement.
He believes his words are not harsh, sometimes truth can be harsh thats why people feel my words hard on them.
He doesn't like the person / starts hating him inside if the other person don't accept his kind suggestion or gesture. If he speaks to other 
person with concern and he wont see it as concern then he dislikes him.
Sometime he calls the person and if he didn't hear him for the first time which he thinks he can hear, then leadership violated.

His dominance works in family so he likes his family. His father isn't dominating like him.
Now as his dominance works in his family and he is head of the family which have much more pressure on him to keep his words / promises.
His behaviour with girls will be similar to boys. If he finds a girl who accepts his leadership he behaves nice, if the girl is also another 
leader then he accepts half of her leadership on him, just to show that he respects woman.

Pros:- He talks with women without any fear and can flirt without insecurity

DAILY ROUTINE:- 
    Stays in his friends Kiran room for free. He wakes in the morning eats something for breakfast, outside tiffins or junk. Reaches coaching center
    have lunch near some stalls at coaching center. Doesn't make such frnds in his center due to his dominance. Returns to room.
    He asks help in his studies or assignments as an order than a request. With leader he mostly avoid taking their help, or ask help
    with a reason which holds his leadership position.  
    He uses chatgpt or other AI for help in his assignment. If kiran's friends are present, he hangout with them or he leaves the room for them.
    At nights he talks with his family, whenever their is a family call he attend it whatever the work or situation he is in. If kiran frnds are
    making noise plus he is drinking, even then he walks out to balcony and speaks.
    Doesn't drink everytime. Just when he have enough money.
    His routine is same even when deepak arrives his room. Just instead of one, they become two in single room, but he couldn't accept the resistance
    rohan offers for his leadership. He tries to project his dominance on deepak, but it wont work. So hee keeps grudges on him and takes ego-revenges.
    Deepak is not like a dominant person, he just doesn't allow himself to take order and authority from frnds(male).
    Intial days will be fine with deepak to rohan, but as he is not allowing his dominance on him - rohan grudges, and acts like stranger 
    towards deepak. Like he wantedly acts he didn't hear what he said, he just goes out alnoe at night and eats his own food without asking deepak.
    wantedly drives slow, when deepak says he needs to reach fast to coaching center - gives excuses that he didn't drive slow the traffice is too much.
    When he is active / happy he accepts deepak's leadership.
