Shruti:- Age around 24 (Beautiful Extrovert), From Andhra Pradesh - Vizag (Behaviour, Accent), Middle class with ancestor assests (Financial Status)

Cynicism toward Relationship:- 
    An attitudinal label - she has developed a deep distrust & negative belief about romatic relationships

Contempt(a state of mind):- It is the feeling or attitude that a person or thing is worthless, despicable or deserving of no respect.

Despise (an action):- To despise is to strongly dislike, loathe or look down on someone or something with intense contempt and lack of respect. 

Vicarious:- It describes experiencing life, emotions, or actions indirectly through the experiences of others rather than first hand.

Aversion:- It is strong, settled feeling of intense dislike, opposition or antipathy towards someone or something, often accompained by
            desire to avoid it.

Vicarious relationship aversion:- An averison formed by second-hand emotional learning.

Cynical:- Belief that people are motivated purely by self-intrest rather than honorable or unselfish reasons




Shruthi is a very good lookin girl who immensely :- Low neck tops, chudidhaar, Sarees, Jeans & shirts, crop tops, Sleeve less tops, Never tore Jeans

value for her reputation in front of people:- When she hangsout with male frnd then she beocmes self concious and can't handle the look of 
others which coveys "She is roaming with her Bf", which contridicts her No-relationship moral. She wants to be in isolated areas when she is
with her male frnd (like being alone with deepak). In group she doesn’t have the insecurity and doesn’t feel self-concious.

People whom she doesn't like she doesn’t care for their opnion. But for the people around her like frnds, family, strangers, etc 
she wants them to look her as a very kind, matured and independent, Helpful.

Reputation around known people:- When she helps person she wants recognition, when she cooks she wants recognition, she sings compliment.
she cleans something needs compliment. From her past whatever she did people use to compliment that she is the best.

She is once a topper and most wise person, but now she lost the spark. Struggling to get the spark.:- In her 1st and 2nd year of college she used to be topper & every
student asks her to explain topics, solve problems. But later she started liking praises and slowly avoided learning & studying. Knowledge halts.
She is lazy to learn procastinates but craving the praises. If who ever praises her she likes them more.

Doesn't like relationships:- Heard lot of breakup stories from her frnds and saw them suffer after breakups. This made her to blame that all
relationship people are shit. Started to hate and grudge those relationships stuff. She never had any intrest of relation and top of that
she starts grudging it. She doesn’t want to give name relationship, instead she gives the most closest frnd tag. Her strict parents and 
the sad breakup stories she heard all together made her despise it. 


Speaks and involves with everyone friends and kind to strangers:- When her frnds say we cant able to cook in mrng and becoz of that eating
lunch outside - money waste, then she replies "I will bring foor from PG". When deepak says Iam feeling a unwell or cough, she says "I will 
bring medicine" when she goes to her PG for lunch. She listens other personal stuff / problems by sparing time with them either in call or directly.

Believes feminism to some extent. 

She offer help even the person didn't ask her help. She makes frequent promises unnecessarily and struggles to keep it:- Promises to bring
medicine and forgets it. Promises to share something in whatsapp and forgets. Sometimes she never replies for days. Promises she'll come
when they plan something, she is the person who plans it and excites about it and cancels it last minute.

She utters kind gestures and forgets to do those gestrures. She doesn't hesitate to help a person, but after offering help she somtimes couldn't 
keep it up. Which makes the people wonder - Why the hell she offered help and why she insulted by not helping. She sometimes drags for days
saying that she will do the work/help she offered. The other person sometimes gets fed-up. These are decriptions of her helping nature:-
    Well‑intentioned but unreliable
        → Means the person genuinely wants to help, but doesn’t follow through.
    Overcommitter
        → Someone who offers help but takes on too much and later delays or forgets.

Have strict parents. She mostly fears for them as they are more authoratative, harsh and Stubborn or headstrong (Mondi).
She hates the frnds or people who refuses to help her - Says I would help them if they want now they are refusing, selfish people. Sometime back bitches them.
If someone says something bad about the person she hates she agrees that without hesitating.
She likes to cook but doesn't know how to cook and ruins the dish.



DAILY ROUTINE:- 
    In her house her daily routine would be waking up in the morning before 9am - strict parents. Brushes her teeth, Does some of the house hold work if present.
    Baths after completing chores or before having lunch. Watches Tv or her laptop/mobile in mornings. Have her lunch, go for a beauty sleep
    in the afternoon's. Wakes up talks in phone with her frnds in evengs sometimes or just watches TV, does some chores. Sleeps.
    In Hyd she stays in a pg with her frnd Bhumika - Two sharing. Their pg is near to the coaching center. So they walk to center.
    Her Daily rountine would be wakes in morning, takes turns in their bathroom for mrng stuff. Haves breakfast at pg, If not good they eat at
    coaching center. She sometimes packs her lunch from PG else she walk to PG for lunch. She sometimes packs lunch for her frnds in coaching 
    center (Deepak) due to her Overcommiting trait. After the classes complete, she walks to her room with her frnd bhumika, buts sometimes
    bhumika wont attend classes in afternoon she goes to room and sleep. So shruthi walks alone to her room (with deepak after they meet).
    (Deepak drops her at her PG na dreturns to center, rohan picks him up). Does her work in evengs or talks with parents or roams outside.
    Eats dinner at PG, if she didn't like curry she eats outside. (Sometimes she eats with deepak at nights, they come near her pg)
    Weekend (Sunday):- 
        Sometimes she go to her hometown to see family or she spends time in her pg with roomates. Hangout with frnds she met at coaching center
        like going to places / malls / beaches etc.
