INTENTIONS 

Introduction:- 
    Deepak an Intoverted Girlfriend addicted adult who still doesn’t have gf. Wants to have a gf very badly but terrified to talk with woman
    expects them to reach and fall for his maturity and personality - too much expectation. Completed graduation trying to get a job even though
    his friendly-foreign aunt frequently requests him to come do MTech staying in her villa. Deepak refuses saying "Iam exhausted studying...
    want to earn and enjoy life !". His daily life goes by causually talking with his un-involved frnds as he never thinks friendship
    gives what he wants in his life expect lover. One of his frnd says about HYD coaching centers have some connections with company's HR 
    so their coaching center would get you a job. So he calls his rohan - whose call he avoids everytime.
    Rohan's just completed his classes in coaching center and reached room. Picks deepak call and talk with his superior tone.
    Eventually deepak takes in no-intrest tone about coaching center details, but gets a bit of excitment when rohan says "Iam staying in 
    kiran's room rent-free, even you can stay here as kiran is my fnrd - Kiran is out for his bussiness work - Mandhey idhi antha, vachey ne chuskunta!"

    -> Deepak arrive Hyd stays with rohan. Intially they are very fine with eachother. But eventually rohan resents deepak as deepak wont
        reply back when he calls first time, goes out for dinner without asking rohan.
    -> In the back deepak is hiding shruthi to rohan. At nights he goes on rapido to her PG and together eat dinner around the stalls.
        Rohan calls him where he is, he says I came outside to eat. Rohan says him to bring parcel, deepak agrees. But it takes too much time
        for deepak to return room. Even rohan calls starving where he is at - deepak wont lift, and brings room after 3 hrours - says he is talking
        with family and it got late. 
        Deepak sometimes refuses to say where he is, when rohan asks why didnt you teel me where you exactly were - deepak replies 
        "Nen tinna chotey nuve tinali ani rule em ledhu kadha ra, Neek nachina chota nuvvu tinochu" and leaves. Rohan wont say anything and
        starts to resent him as rohan feels He should do things after saying to me !! (ownership)
        Now they the situation becomes like two stranger living in a single room. Rohan wants him to do a mistake for revenge
    -> Kiran's frnds arrives on some weekends, they enjoy and rohan spends time with them. Does the formal stuff like introducing deepak to 
        them and intentionally avoids him. Passive Aggression but he likes Deepak(Emotionally attached to the person he resents).
        Rohans Ambivalent behaviour towards deepak.  
    -> On friday mrng while they are going to coaching center deepak says he needs to tell him some secret. Rohan who is in resentment listens
        what he says. Deepak reveals all hi shruthi stuff. Rohan initilly shocks, stops bike and ask him when did this happened ??
        and why he didnt tell him till now. Deepak says I wanted to say when I got some clarity, but now ther is a situation and need his help.
        Rohan excites and gives a break to his resentment and feels excited. The situation is the saturday he should keep his room out of kiran's
        frnds as shruti wants to come to his room for combined studies. Rohan has to stop kirans frnds to enter on that day

    -> On the same day (Friday), deepak asks to come with him to shruthi's pg as she asked him to come to dinner. They both go on scooty
        to PG. After reaching rohan sees shruthi and bhumika waiting for them . shruthi says "Roju rapido lo vastav eroju enti bike medha vachaav!"
