WHILE WRITING SCENES THINK AND FEEL WHAT HAPPENED IN PREVIOUS SCENE DOES IT EFFECT THE MOOD OR DIALOGUE 
IN THE CURRENT SCENE OF ANY CHARACTER (CHECK FOR DEEPAK, Shruti, ROHAN, BHumika, EVERY CHARACTER)
EVERY CHARACTER

THERE WILL ALWAYS BE SOME SITUATIONS OR EMOTIONS WHERE PEOPLE CAN'T HANDLE, BUT SOME CAN HANDLE

TO ACHIEVE INTENSE CONFLICTS OR DRAMA ANALYSE THE ENVIRONMENT AND DAILY ROUTINES OF THE CHARACTER, WHICH WE CAN USE TO BUILD GOOD CONFLICTS

SOMETIME HUMANS AVOID INVOLVING WITH ASPECTS AROUND WORLD. (SITUATIONS, WORK, RELATIONS, PEOPLE, ETC)

Hopes:- A scene where their taste matches where the instagram joke or reel is being enjoyed in same hilarious way. where as deepak frnds says
the joke is cringe but shruti laughs and enjoys the joke same as deepak. They sitting next to each other and laughing.

Dissapoint:- A scene where shruti calls deepak to mall, he gets excited thinking that he can spend alone time with her, assumes she likes hime thats why she called.
Later he finds she is with another friend  
Deepak gets very frustated and crushed inside.

Dissapoint:- Deepak is very scared to touch her, but one day his harmones are out of control and completely attracted to her. Even though she is sitting in front of her
             deepak thoughts says to kiss her, hug her and do all the romantic stuuf lovers do, he controls himself. He tries to touch her but resists
             tries to act like accidental touch but fails. Tries to do various accidental touches but can only succeed with hand touch. Later she goes to beach with her friends and he wont
             go (can say he slept in afternoon, and didn't lift shruthi call for asking him out to beach with frnds). When he woke up he sees her missed call and calls back she wont
             lift - playing at beach. Later he sees the insta stories where one boy (vamsi) tickles her and touches her waist, Plays (meka pilla) , does all playful stuff that involves touching her body.
             He completely frustates that I am her closest frnd and Even though I have the right to touch her but I didn't and some causual frnd did touching.
             (Add a previous scene where she says she doesn't like touching like lovers do, holding hands, hugging and stuff. She hates those physical touching)

Dissapoint:- As everyday shruthi and deepak goes for lunch, but one day she finds a new friend and goes with him for lunch. Deepak frustates and thinks she left and went with
             new frnd (Vamsi) she just met. So he decides not to eat so that when shruthi asks "Did you had lunch?"
             Deepak:- No
             Shruthi:- Ohh Noo, Why ???
             Deepak:- You didn't call me and went without me ???
             In this way he thinks he can show the mistake she did and prove her the blunder he did.
             So he waits for her to return, baring the hunger.....
             But after returning she asks Did u had lunch, deepak says No.....
             She doesn't listen properly as she talks with the new frnd and in between she asks causually and She says Ok and leaves......
             Deepak is completely collapsed frustated and burst out of anger inside, but cant show out.
             Later that day she calls him to come to mall for hanging out, he thinks lunch wnet bad atleast I can have dinner, but in the mall she is already with new friend.
             He completely jealous, as the complete mall trip they both walk laugh togerther he just keeps a long face and walks benhind them with calm-disturbed mood.
             He is helpless, he cant say wht he is thinking in his mind and his expectated thing wont even happen with her new frnd around. He his speechless, frusted, devastated lonely crushed person
             After some time, deepak acts his legs wear paining and sits on the chair. He tries to grab shruthi's attention to him by making a long face so that she show some concern
             but she walks with the new frnd to stall. Brings an icecream to deepak, deepak finnaly had a tiny amount of satisfaction as he got some attention from her,
             takes icecream and licks it for once, then shruti says the new frnd bought ice crea for you , and praises him for his kindness. Now the new frnd beacame 
             nice in her pov which deepka couldn't handle. He can't offend her as he doesn't want to risk his reputation. So he sits Clam but extremely crushed inside

Dissapoint:- One day deepak cracks a joke like "Why are u guys out side the kitchen." Shruthi completely offends
             and argues with him saying she doesn't like these kind of jokes, doesn’t like body touching, attraction stuff etc
             Deepak shocked as he didn't expect such reaction, so he keeps silent as he doesn’t want to spoil his reputation and agrees with her and apoloziges

Dissapoint:- One day shruti asks help to deepak regarding code, he says he will help. He thinks he can run two ML models in his laptop.
             Says that he will do her work too, later he realises his laptop is not supporting, takes rohan laptop but his laptop doesn't have necessary
             installations. Few hours later shruti calls for update of her assignment. Deepak explains the problem, then she worries for few moments and then
             she says she will ask vamsi for help. Deepak completely offends it andtirs to convince her that he can do this. Even though Shruthi
             tries to object but she couldn't.As if she shifts to another person for help she may called "she will come for help" so couldn't able to 
             object him. Later deepak stays all night trying to do her project. He even leaves his project and tries to do her work. But the system takes
             too much time to respond for code changes. Morning he even tries till the last minute outside the institue but both projects aren't completed.
             The instructor scolds him saying he didn't expect from you, you are clever boy. But becoz of ur laziness u ruined ur opputunity , etc 
             Meanwhile shruti completes her project, by taking help from vamsi - Vamsi did her project. 
             Deepak completely Dissapoints as his reputation in class went down, shruthi took help from vamsi(this hurts more).
             Later that night he acts very Dissapointed, thinking she just changed sides when I said I can't do. As he can't blame vamsi he blames shruti
             for taking his help. Holds a grudge on her (Alagadam). As she took help of vamsi even though he said No. Stays very moody, sad & alone.  

Hopes:- Shruthi explains that women also approaches when they feel and like the man's look, outfit and handsome. Generally
women says they want caring, household work share chesukovali, Sense of humor, supportive and Understanding but thats not practically

Hopes:- Sharing the same thoughts on marriage, and priority given to each other. Respect for eachother.

Hopes:- Openness to to erotic sex and dirty mind without fear of judgement

Hopes:- Exchanging the same thoughts on fake feminism.

Hopes:- They talk in calls for late nights 

Hopes:- Women aggreed to be housewife saying that its coorect to be house wife and their no shame being a housewife.

Hopes:- Celebraties saying wife and husband have different bank accounts and no one touches each others bank accounts. Dissapproval for saying that giving space to each other.

Hopes:- Hating doing unnecessary physical touching in front of people/friends. Dissaproval for both

Hopes:- I feel that destruction is the foundation to peace. The present world feels boaring that there are no apocolypse, no wars, no Kingdoms etc. 

Hopes:- No grandier marriage. we can just save the money for our future.

Hopes:- Cant be around when there are more people- Brahmotsavam(Kajal)


