Praseed and Sabha. 

A coffee shop with ambience that suits mostly for couples and a dating place for making new relations. 
Sabha wearing a crop red-jacket and torn jeans with sexy top. Less makeup, dyed hair + charm on face. Attracts people just with a stare.  
Sabha sitting on a couple table with the other chair empty. She wantedly switches her phone off.
Stares at menu as she is trying to avoid looking at someone with some controlled nervousness.

Praseed wearing a brown jacket and black tshirt with some matching jeans enters the coffee shop looks around for red jacket. Finds one girl sitting among all tables.
He is more excited and energtic to meet his date.
He walks towards her from behind and picks the chair and sits in it, greeting her that "Sorry for being late........ too much traffic". (words fade)
He is lost after seeing her charm. He didnt expect her to be so beautiful. He didn't expect that.
Sabha surprises mildy, looks at him and does'nt speak anything. Her face says that she met a unexpected guest. Like she isn't understanding whats happening
Praseed left his mouth open and still processing the luck he got.

A diagnol stranger looks at her which makes sabha uncomfortable. The stranger gets up and slowly walks towards her table. She feels bit tensed and
tries to initiate a conversation with praseed. "Yes, Hello Would you like to order something...???"
Praseed "Ya sure...Ya.......!" gets out of his fantasy and adjusts his jacket
The stranger slowly passess by her table while she is saying "Meeru vachaka order chedham ani wait chestunna....". The stranger leaves the coffee shop.
Sabha relaxes a bit. The waiter arrives. Praseed orders a coffee. Sabha orders a black coffee and sandwich.

After ordering praseed looks at her and smiles and sabha smiles too.
Sabha feels a bit confused. 
Praseed says "Asalu expect cheyyledhu, profile lo kanna direct ganey bagunnaru"
Sabha chuckles and blushes setting her hair with shy.

Praseed looks at her with all his Fantasy, Attraction and lust. He completely lost in her.

Praseed says if you dont mind let me use washroom quickly...
Sabha says Ohk...... 
Praseed enters to washroom, sabha exhales (sabha likes praseed and in mood for lets give him a chance)  

Praseed excites in washroom saying "Em figure ni pattav ra.....Profile lo kanna bayata intha bagunav entey !!"
Praseed blushes "Nuv ekkado macha vesukoni puttav ra......." (does hand movements of excitment)
While praseed adjusting his jacket and hairstyle, he gets a call
Praseed sees phn "5mins key miss ayyinattu undhi"

Praseed lifts the call with smile.
srija:- (In call) I will be late so dont mind....
Praseed:- (confuses) R u joking ??
srija:- Iam stuck in traffic, Plz dont mind........
Praseed feels doubtfull and peeks from washroom door, sabha isn't talking in phone
He doesn't understand what happened for a second.
Srija:- (In call) Hello !, Hello !!
Praseed:- Ha Hello !
Srija:- Nen cheppinattey red jacket vesukunna, nuv em vesukunnav ?
Praseed:- Ah uh uhmm (mutters)....Brown jacket....
Srija:- Ohk, will meet you soon ! (Ends call)

Praseed is totally confused and embarressed. He mostly dissappointed as she is not the girl he is going to meet.
Praseed doesn't want to leave sabha, but he has srija comming for him. He doesn't know what to do....!! Gets tensed.
Praseed looks here their in sense of worry.

Praseed looks at his phn and sabha, phn - sabha, phn - sabha, phn - sabha. 
He looks in the mirror. Takes a deep breath. Stables himself.
Nods his head as he decided something. He switches off his phone 
and walks back to table.
He slowly sits trying to act normal like he is the date for sabha...

Sabha looks at him, he seems a bit weird. She asks "All okay ?"
Praseed:- (hiding his fear and wrong decision he made - acting cool) Yes all good.

Praseed is a bit feared that his date may come to coffee shop at any time. He is handling the stress and sitting normally.

The waiter brings the order to the table. places the items and takes back the tray.
They both take a sip.
Sabha :- (sips her coffee) Bagundhi kadha (indicating coffee)
Praseed :- Ha, chaalaaa.......bagundhi (acting normal)

Sabha has that mild nervousness like she came to stranger date and dont know how to start a conversation.
Praseeds pulls him together. Makes himself believe that he is not doing anything wrong and brings back his dating mood.
Praseed clears throat.
Praseed offers his hand and says "Hello Iam praseed" Smiles (he smiles hiding his fear)
Sabha :- (confuses like why r u doing this)
Praseed:- Edho formal untadhi ani malli introduce cheskuntuna....
Sabha:- (shakes his hand) Sabha !!

Praseed mind voice "Sabha, nice name !"
Praseed is holding his fear and trying to act cool and happy.
Praseed:- Iam an Product manager in Deloitte company.
Sabha :- (Chuckles) Iam a senior developer in Microsoft. (formally)

Meanwhile the bumble pic - praseed actual date (Srija) enters the coffee shop. Praseed looks at her shocks.
Praseed :- (mind voice) idhi enti appudey vacheysindhi, traffic annadhi.........
/* (offscreen) Ee ammayilu eppudu nijalu chepparu....... */

Praseed removes his jacket smiling nervously at sabha.
Sabha doesn't understand his actions. Sabha "Veedu enti nimishaniki okkala behave chestunnadu"
Praseed keeps his goggles

Srija pushes the coffee shop door and enters. She wears a red jecket and red top / Skirt (above average). She searches everywhere, praseed peeks at her scared
that she may recognise him. Srija looks around and finds praseed as bit familiar. She opnes the bumble profile. The profile have some differences, 
but it is a bit familiar with praseed. She slowly walks towards him.

Praseed gets shit scared and keeps his goggles on and tries to talk to sabha. Srija approaches him and says "Excuse me !"
Praseed (tensed - doesn't look at her and tries to cover his face by setting his head) "Yes"
Sabha looks at her.
Srija "Mee peru enti andi...."
Praseed "Sai...!!"
Srija "Ohh sry, I mistakened you with someone else" and she walks away.....

Sabha notices his strange behaviour - thinks what happened to him so suddenly.
Srija walks to waiter and asks him "Did you say any guy wearing brown jacket leave ????"
Waiter says "I dont know mam, sry"

Sabha overhears it. Looks at praseed, hiding his brown jacket. 
Srija walks back to entry and calls, the call says the person you are trying to call is switched off
Sabha asks "Nee peru praseed annav..."
Praseed (tries to cover it) "Ya.....Na peru Sai Praseed, so nannu sai ani kuda pilustaru."

Sabha notices his peeking towards the entry door for srija, hiding of brown jacket , his nervousness.
She realises that he is doing something wrong. She leans back as if "Dorikaadu, Ippudu chepta veedu pani !"

Srija waits sitting near a table. Praseed keeps his goggles and tries to act normal.
Sabha with full energy and tone.
Sabha:- Hello Praseed !
Praseed :- (Startles) Yeah...!!
Sabha :- Tell me about yourself....!!
Praseed:- (Surprises)
Sabha:- Enni rojulu nunchi tinder vaadutunnaru ??
Praseed:- Just recent ganey start chesa.....
Sabha :- Okasri mee tinder profile chupinchara...!
Praseed :- (Shocks) (mutters) Adhi phn charging ayyipoyindhi.....
Sabha :- ohh......Waiter (Call waiter).
Waiter arrives, praseed gets tensed........
Sabha:- Do you mind charging our phone, battery dead ayyipoyindhi.......
Waiter :- Sure mam....
Sabha:- (looks at praseed to give him his phone to charge)

Praseed nervously gives his phone to waiter. Says to waiter "Phn ON cheyyaku, just chrage pettu chaalu."
Waiter say ok and takes the phone.
Praseed looks at sabha "phn off lo untey fast ga chrarging ekkutadhi......." (nervous smile)

Praseed is getting sweat as srija is sitting in the coffee shop and waiter took the phn, what if srija calls and phn rings.

Sabha starts her ragging period !

Sabha:- What do you feel about tinder ??
Praseed:- Ya, tinder is a good app.  You know connecting people and stuff....
            Tinder lagey inko app kuda undhi Bumble adhi kuda chala manchi app.
Sabha:- Kaani manam tinder lo kadha kalisam.......
Praseed:- Yaa......Ya tinder loney manam kalisam.......

Srija gets up and walks out of the coffee shop as she is tired of calling

Praseed looks at her and reveals. Exhales deeply. Removes his goggles and drinks some water.
Sabha notices him. (like baney cover chestunnadu)

Sabha:- Inthaki mee suvarna ela undhi........
Praseed:- (confuses) Suvarna ??
Sabha:- Adhey nee Ex- girlfriend, chatting lo cheppav ga....
Praseed:- (covers with chuckle) Ya Ya, suvarna......neney ga chat lo cheppa...(offscreen) Ex-girlfriend
Sabha:- Papam tana life spoil ayyipoyindhi kadha....
Praseed:- (confuses - enduku spoil avutadhi) Spoil enduku avutaadhi.....!
Sabha:- Abortion ayithey spoil avvadha.....

Praseed:- (SCARES - DOLLY ZOOM) PREGNANT AAH !!
Sabha:- Yaa.......manam em chestam le, tanaki neetho pelli istam ledhu kaabatti vadhileysindhi.....
Praseed:- (super confused) (nodding head with creepiness)

Sabha:- But its good, nuvvey hospital bill antha pay chesav ga........
Praseed:- (force agree) Yeah, Yeah......
Sabha:- Its soo sweet of you...!!
Praseed:- (nervuous laugh to proud laugh) Yes !
Sabha:- Ee rojullo mee lanti vaalu ekkada unnaru....
Praseed:- (proud blush)
Sabha:- (Offscreen) You r so great......
Praseed:- (while feeling proud ) mind voice:- hospital bill kattinanduku pogudutundha ledha pregnant chesinanduku pogudu tundha.....???

Sabha:- Whats ur first impression on me ??
Sabha:- (Off screen) nannu chudaganey meeku em anipinchindhi ???
Praseed:- You are so beautiful...........gorgeous......charming.............natural.....
            okka maata lo chappali antey okavela ippud naaku gf untey, meekosam vadhileysina tappudledhu....
            (laughs)
Sabha:- (laughs) ya...... oka ammayi tho ravalsina date naatho vachi na parledhu ga......
        (both laughs)
Praseed:- (while laughing) Wait what ??

Sabha :- You know naa previous boyfriend kanna nuv chaala comfortable ga unnav...!!
Praseed:- Oh really !!
Sabha:- Yaaa................na previous bf is so handsome and way too much hot for me..!
Praseed:- (question mark - laugh)
Sabha:- Vaadu na kanna bagundey sariki ekkada naa kanna andham ayina ammayi vesta vellipotaad emo ani prathi roju tension padeydhani.
        Neetho naaku aa problem uundadhu anipistundhi.........
Praseed:- (Did she mean iam below her) Do u mean Iam more loyal.....!
Sabha:- Noo........ninna aa ammayi pedha patinchukodhu , So naaku antha tension undadhu...! (smiles)

Praseed:- (Did she praise me or insulted me) (long face)

Sabha:- More over tana IELTS and english chaala professional ga untaay.....
        tana english matladithey, nee english medha naaku confidence chachi potadhi.......
Praseed:- (waiting for the insult)
Sabha:- Nee english vinnaka naa english medha naaku confidence vachindhi (excites laughs / blushes)

Praseed:- (Mouths) (looks here and there).....
            mind voice (anavasarm ga dheeni daggariki vacha...., srija undha vellipoyindhaa....)

Sabha:- Nuv em matladatle, neney matladutunaa......
Praseed:- mind voice:- (malli dating ki ravali anna confidence champeysindhi, inkem matladatam) Ntg......

Sabha:- I have one more question !
Praseed:- mind voice :- (ippudu em adugutaadho) ya sure

Sabha:- Whats the one thing about me you've already noticed that you don't like ??
Praseed:- (inhales) mind voice:- (idhem karma ra devudaa) (nods NO)

Sabha:- Come on, nen em anukonu........Just say it !
Praseed:- Ntg......Actually I like ur dressing style. Its very nice.

Sabha:- Oh Thank you......(lovely tone)
Praseed:- Yeah
Sabha:- Nen cheppana
Praseed:- Sure......

Sabha:- Their are some boys who wantedly flexes their body by wearing cut banels.......
        Edho vaaley gym ki veltunnatu, mr india body unnatu feel ayipotharu.
        Like kundharam jacket vesukoni restaurent ki vastaru kaani adhi teeseysi vaala biceps tshirt vesukoni pradharsistaru.

Praseed:- (gets sel concious) No nen normal ga tessa anthey......
Sabha:- Neetho naaku problem ledhu neeku elago body ledhu ga chupinchatanki.....(smiles)

Praseed:- (gets offended very deeply) (His face turn like she is directly insulting me and I cant do anything about it)

Sabha call the waiter for bill. Waiter brings the scanner and praseed's phone from charging. Praseed wont even try to pay he wantedly waits for her to pay
Sabha pays it and says lets go for a walk.
Praseed says "Ok, I know a place. Lets go their on My bike..!" (tries to show off)
Sabha "I have my Car"(show hom the keys)
Sabha "Ee coffe shop pakkana place undhi, we can walk..!!" 
Praseed "Pogaru dheeiki"

Praseed and sabha walks, Praseed acts casually. sabha undertood that she made him totally pissed.

Sabha asks "nee bike entha ??"
Praseed:- (Proudly) 250cc, (speaks bike specifications)

Sabha:- Nen adigindhi bike rate entha ani....?
Praseed:- (gets pissed again) Meeru kuncham arrogant ga matladutunnaru..!

Sabha:- Nen nee rate adagale, bike dhi adiga....
Praseed:- (Stops walking)

Sabha:- (takes few steps and turns back)
Praseed stands there like an about to burst volacno.....

Sabha:- what..!!   Nuvvey kadha chatting lo 

Praseed:- ENOUGH !!!
          Manage cheyyadam naa valla kaadhu....
Sabha:- Enti ???

Praseed:- Nen nuv kalavasina tiner date kaadhu.......
            Nen bumble lo oka ammyi date ki pilichindhi ani vacha....
            Mistakenly neetho kurchunna...............
            Nen evarni pregnant cheyyledhu evarni hospital ki tippaledhu...
            IAM STILL PROUD VIRGIN !
            Na IELTS and english score nee kanna better ey untadhi.....
            and naa venka kuda chaala mandhi ammayi lu paddaru,
            I will definitely be perfect 8 on a scale of ten !!

Sabha :- WOW .....
Praseed:- yeah...!

Sabha:- So nuvvu verey ammayi anukoni naa daggariki vacha...
Praseed:- Yes ! (confidently)
Sabha:- Nen nuv meet avvalsina date kaadhu ani realise ayyav...
Praseed:- Yes....(confidently)
Sabha:- Mari enduku vellakunda ippati dhaaka unnav ??

Praseed:- (Dorikeysaam) (Stays calm - no words to replay)

a moment pause......

Sabha:- Cheppu.........
Praseed:- Kakurthi paddam andi........
Sabha:- Ha ??
Praseed:- Ha......Nen date kantey nuv kathi la unnav......
            nee table mundhu chair kuda sahakarinchindhi.....
            Andukey proceed ayyipoya.......
Sabha:- Desperation !!
Praseed:- Yes............
            Thittey nuvvu thitaalsinavi anni.....iam waiting......

Sabha:- (folds her hand) I need to tell u something.....


Sabha voice over:- 
    Sabha watches her date from distance, where her date looks completely different than on the profile. The date would be talking to waiter.
    She opens the profile and gets angry and dont want to meet him. But the date looks her. She doesn't want to leave as it conveys his date about her.
    So she acts like completely stranger to him. Like she didn't even came for date, she came for coffee.
    She opens her phone and checks random stuff. 
    The date sitting diagnolly recognise her but cant make first move. So he opens profile and he finds familiarities but not sure.
    So he msgs in tinder. Sabha gets msg she wanteldy ignore it. She slowly off her phone and picks menu card.
    The stranger checks his phone and watches sabha, sabha gets scared slowly as he continuesly staring at her.
    Then praseed enters and sits in front of her. She doens't know what to do.
    The starnger slowly walks towards her in order to escape sabha initiates a convo with praseed.
    After seeing praseed sabha thinks veedu chutanki baney unnadu, elago date ki vacham ga veedini okasri try chedham ani untaadhi.

    When Praseed acts weird and hides his jacket, lies about his name sabha decides to play a game with him and rag him.
    Thats the reason she wantedly ragebaited him till now.


Praseed and sabha holds an icecream in their hands. 
Praseed listens everything and stuns for a second.

Praseed and sabha walks while holding icecream. 
Praseed:- Antey ippudu nuvvu kuda naa laga verey vaalni kalatanki vachi naatho settle ayyav....
Sabha:- Verey vaadu nachaka kaali ga untey nuvvey vachaav...

Praseed :- Rendu okatey kadha.........
Sabha:- (laughs)

Praseed:- So you like me ??
Sabha:- Idk, Maybe 
Praseed:- Mothanki nannu mass ragging chesav,
            How did you enjoy it ??
Sabha:- Hilarious, This will be my one of the best date ever.......

    Offscreen:-
        Praseed:- Nen nuv enchukunna vaadikanna better ey ga.....
                    evarni pregnant chetle....
        Sabha:- That was a joke......

        They walk talking and laughing...............



Praseed and sabha laughs and walks towards their vechile.
Sabha's car and Praseed's bike will be side by side.

Praseed points out his bike and says "This is my bike.... 1.5L, Naa rate kaadhu bike dhi"
Both laughs.... 
Sabha point to her car "This is my car, dheeni rate naaku telidhu becoz its my mother's car"

They both stand in front of each other. They just stand with a moment of silence.

Praseed:- (wants to ask her number but dont know how to do) So.......(hand gestures)....its a good chat ......(stutters) manam

Sabha:- On's her phone. Opens Dial pad and gives it to praseed.
Praseed:- (pauses a moment)
Sabha:- Manam malli kaludham......
Praseed:- (laughs) (picks her phone and dials his phone number)

Sabha:- Place nuv decide chey.....
Praseed:- Ohk !

Sabha:- Esari inko andham ayina ammayi vasstey nannu vadhileyavu ga.....
Praseed:- (chuckles) No , Ofcourse Not.........
Sabha:- I am kidding....
Praseed:- Inka ragging mode pole.....

The both laugh , looks each other..............

Praseed:- So......till next time
Sabha:- Yeah, Next time.....
        Its nice meeting you Sai Praseed.....

Praseed:- Same here !

They both shakes hand !

THE END !



