A friend group where they only consider hard men stuff. zero emotional support mostly try to avoid 
others feelings through only sarcasm or jokes. We cant be sure they dont want to empathize or they once had 
empathy and slowly lost it. But this group has either lost it or dont want to show.
They always try to joke in every aspect as like if they want to speak then the only way to saftely 
communicate is through sarcasm or mocking. As they are following these rules for many years in them they forgot
even how to empathize or react to emotions other than funny/ mocking/ Sarcasm.
They always finds a way to make of fun regardless of topic that sometimes didn't work out but still they wont change.
They wont insult any of their frnds just their talks are always toxic regardless of situation.
The group of frnds:- Rohan, Harsha, Manikanta, Prudhvi, Suresh.

Harsha is the person who is not tough as others. Rohan, Prudhvi act as superior tough guys and rest other tries to fit in.
They gradually did that and won in fitting with a cost of emotional numbness.
Harsha is the new gang member joined in the group.
Harsha assumes that friends should be like this and friendship should alwys be about sarcasm and defend caring


Shreya is friend and a collegue to harsha. They just mostly talk in office and not much outside.
Shreya is kind of a jolly girl.
One day shreya ask him to give a party regarding something.
Harsha couldn't able to refuse that, as she is not too close to refuse and not distant to avoid it.
Harsha agrees.

Harsha takes her to a restuarent. Harsha uses the sarcasm he learned form his group.
She enjoys it. She finds him funny.

They enjoy their time sharing office jokes and stuff, and harsha uses advantage and starts using his sarcasm
in all aspects to make her laugh.

Shreya passes him a starter to him and says "You can eat !"
Harsha 

.................................................................................................

Q) What do you want to show or convey, what aspect you want to explore.
A) I want to show the actual boy friendship where they always avoid the emotion and only survive their friendship on sarcasm and fun.
    I just want to show one situation where they always make fun. So Iam taking only situations of eating food, or hanging out in bakery/etc
    I just want to show how the care shown on table turned to fun and comedy by hurting the intention of the person who showed genuine care.

...............................................................................................................

Harsha:- Harsha is the same person as in the group who thinks he should make fun out of everything and that is the actual way
        to handle things. Later he realises from shreya that he can express his emotions with his frnds too and there is no need    
        to make sarcasm out of everything. He can show genuine care and keep it as genuine care, he can do a selfless help and keep it as
        selfless help. So he starts to express his actual intentions with his frnds. He wants his frnds to recognise his true intentions
        instead of bringing up sarcastic reasons or avoiding it. He tries hard to prove and get recognition for his genuine intentions
    
Group:- The group doesn't able (or) dont know how to handle any generous care / help offered by frnds or people. They either avoid it
        push it away or sarcastic joke to deviate the mood or try to deviate the topic itself.
        They dont know how to comfort a person who is in sad, low mood. They try comedy their too.
        They always disguise their emotions like fear, tension, panic, offended, etc with laugh and the group supports it and encourages this culture.
        They try to make fun in every situation. The problem is that they don't know how to receive or express care without turning it into comedy.
......................................................... ..............................................
Flow:-
 
She offers food, sarcastic joke backfires with care.

Harsha does the same thing with frnds and gets insulted diguised as sarcasm.

Harsha is in that insult and with a mild indigestion, shreya calls causually. He says about his condition in 
dull and not intersted manner. Asks you gave it with concern or just becoz it didn't taste good to you.
Harsha asks causually and after replying he just says ok in a dull not intrested tone. It feels like your explanation wont change anything and Its ok we can't do anything in upset tone and ends call. She doesn't know how to respond.
Shreya being a genourous, sweet and caring feels sad about his condition and the misunderstanding happened.

She goes to his PG with majjiga and tablet.

Harsha gets shocked seeing her with the drink. He didn't expect it and completely surprised by her care.
He takes the drink. He feels immensely happy inside. Shreya says sorry, harsha says its ok.
She gives him some suggestions and leaves. He feels happy for her, and watches her leave for a bit and return to his room.

Harsha eats with his frnds brings curd packet for him and genuinely gives to other frnd and gets mocked gets irritated.

Next he meets shreya outside brings icecream. Harsha Asks about split. She says no need.
Harsha explains how his frnds spilts for every 10 rupees. Harsha how do you spend on them and wont ask in return.
Shreya replies we wont ask if the money we spent is on the people we like. We wont ask our family to return right.

Harsha tries to pay bill in bakery gets mocked by he is going to replace his bday party with this bakery stuff.

NOTE:- Frnds are not evil or commanding. They are just a bunch of people doesn't know how to react when care/love is showed.
or the group can even be like "doesn't want to spend my rupee on these guys No way"

He talks with shreya about what happened. He is completely upset that he true intentions are not being recognised instead they were 
being mocked. He wants his frnds to understand his true intention rather are side tracking his care everytime.

Slowly harshs starts to feel disconnected as he had a feeling of that group is not understanding him.
His day almost 70% of time is spent with frnds and he started to feel disconnected with those frnds. Like 
feeling disconnected with family but still staying with that family.

Once he should frustate and burst on them on a particulaer day.