Shruthi:- A 27yrs old female. She is completely introvert, doesn't know how to interact with new people and frnds. She lost her parents in her 10th, she grew 
            with her grand parents. Lived in hostle in Inter and Engineering college. She is even introverted to her grandparents. She has
            fear of social stigma - to disclose her erotic fantasies combined wiht some dirty thoughts. She watches a lot of movies with greater
            weightage in 18+ movies.(Fifty Shades, Blue is warmest color, 365 Days, Love)
            She is very easy to talk about movies, as she covers almost all languages and genres of movies. She opens up to them who has good movie
            knowledge. 
            She paved her mind with these erotic scenes and intrest to try it. She wished to do those erotic acts with her husband. But after
            marriage she couldn't able to convey it to her husband due to her introvert nature and other social stigma, upon this her husband
            has asthama. So she kind of adjust and accepts that her wishes wont come true.
            She has a habit of watching porn movies before her marriage, now she continues to fullfill her sex life. Slowly it moves to extreme
            and Slowly addicts to porn/masturbation stuff. ADDICTION

Venkat:- He is a single 22 yrs Dark humor male works as a software employee. He stays with his frnd Praseed working in same company. They both
            stay in a 2bhk room by sharing the rent and expenses. He stays in a separate bedroom as other bedroom is occupied by praseed and his
            girlfriend (Madhu). He mostly spends 69% of his time watching porn/Dark Humor and 30% on daily activites and 1% Ejaculation.
            His mind is full-filled with most the adult stuff and very DESPERATE for GF / Dating / One night stands, but no luck in that.
            An average woman couldn't handle his dark flavoured initiative. For example:- If he meet a new woman, after exchanging their names
            and places,job he would directly ask "Do you like missionary" or "Hey google show me Nearby OYO, neek adhar undhi ga" and laughs
            on his own joke which make the woman feels strangely uncomfortable. Eg:- "Meeru coffee cup ila intense ga tap chestunnaru antey..U r nevous
            It means You need a madatory medicine of kisssssssss ! (raises eyebrows) (the woman throws cofee on him)"
            He just feds up with prakash and Madhu's cringy dialogues at night coming from bedroom (Kick movie dialogue)

Prakash:- He is a commited 23yrs male. His GF(Madhu) and he were committed since Inter. So he had a GF since very long time. He and venky works
            in a software company, sharing a rent of 2BHK room. His gf stays in PG yet frequently visits his room hangout together.
            Even stays with him in nights like a sleep over. They too intimate at some nights. 

Madhu:- She is a 23 yrs committed female, who works in same company as Prakash but in different domain / different floor. Sometimes
        she and prakash have some possessive issues and mini fights. They were in relation since Inter. She stays in PG, frequently visits
        prakash room. Cooks for them in weekends. They go for date in weekends. Sleepover, Hanging out as group.

Pradeep:- He is a married 30yrs male. Works in a software company with bulk package. Recently married her cousin. He adores her and loves her
            very much. He has a health conditon - Asthama. He feels some inferior complexity when he gets to konw about her wife feelings.
            Takes time to recover and understands her. Removes the disgrace of sex toys and does what helps to imporve their married life

Prashant:- He is 28 yr old market retailer. He owns some vegetable markets and runs the goods to some retail shops. He earns well in his business.
           This is their father's business which he took over. He loves Pradeep's sister and wanted to marry her. He used to live as a 
           neighbour of pradeep's famliy, so he acts very nice and kind in front of pradip to get good name so that he may agree for marrying 
           his sister. He mostly visits their house in name of work, delivering vegetables, partying and etc. Shruthi knows about Prashant and 
           pradeep sisters relation, so he is close to her requesting her to help in his marriage.