1. Venkat and praseed lives in 2bhk, meanwhile they see new tenets(pradip & shruti ) entering their next 1bhk house.
    Montages of venky watching porn. Venky feds up of prakash and madhu romance dialouges.(kick movies). 
2. Intro of pradip, he asks mopper to vanky and prase for cleaning. 
3. Closness between pradip and boys increases. But Shruti stays introvert. But she smiles seeing venky, but not prasee. 
    Looks like venky has much leinience than prasee. Glimpse of pradip’s house positioning of shoerack 
4. Venky and prakash gets close with pradip forming a genuine bond. Montages of venky watching porn. Venky feds up of prakash and 
    madhu romance dialouges.(kick movies). Introducing prakash GF to pradip and his wife.

Venkat, Prakash lives in a 2bhk room in HYD sharing expenses and rent. They both working in software company. Prakash has A GF(Madhu) since
Inter. She is working in same company but in different department. She used to hangout with venky and prakash frequently, prakash and madhu
use to have sleepovers, dates at weekends, intimating few times (romance & sex) and other relationship stuff. But venkat is a funny harmless
porn addict who use to spend 69% of this time in porn or Dark humor and 30% Daily chores, 1% Ejaculation. He used to stay in one bedroom, the 
other bedrom is for Prakash and Madhu Personal space. Venkat use to lean to the common wall to other adjacent house and do his stuff(18+).
At nights when prakash and Madhu are in sleepover, he use to walk out causually to fridge in hall. While drinking water he hears the cringy
romantic lines form the bedroom "Madhu:- Prakash Ohh... Prakash ila raa, nannu nee prema lo munchey prakash............". He feels frustated
and walks back to his room and tries to sleep, meanwhile "Prakash:- (Orgasm) O Madhu ! O Madhu ! O Madhu ! O Madhu !.........". Venky couldn't 
help but hear all their awkard noises which he feels terrible. So he has the longing to get a girlfriend but his mentality is too dark for 
an average woman to accept. Moreover he has some insecure fears.

One day..........
Venkat causually walks to his front door open area. Beside he sees woman(Shruthi) standing and arranging the luggage she brought. She is the new tenet 
who came to live beside their house. Venkat heart starts to play Yemaindhi ee vela song.............assumes him as venkatesh. She takes her luggage
and walks in , he slowly walks towards the door. Startes at her thorugh main door, meanwhile Pradip (husband of Shruthi) walks to him holding 
some luggage. Pradip sees him, taps on his shoulder and asks him to help with the luggage on his shoulder. Venkat resists, but pradip gives it 
to him and walks in, venkat holds the bag and sees Shruthi walking from hall to kitchen. He slowly enters mesmerizing her beauty. Unknowingly
starts helping pradip so that he can have a glance of Shruthi. Pradip asks Venkat to bring the shoerack inside and keep it beside main door.
Shruthi brings water to pradip and venkat. Pradip starts talking something, venkat nods but the words are flying over his head. All three Stands
and sips water. Prakash searches venkat and walks out of the room , sees venkat slippers next door. He approaches the door......
    Pradip:- (looks to main door) Em kavali andi???
    Prakash:- Mem mee neighbours andi pakka intllo untaam......
    Pradip:- Oh hello.....Naa peru Pradip tinu naa wife Shruthi.

Venkat gets shocked hearing she is married. His face sloely turn to dissappointment.

    Shruthi:- Hello
    Pradip:- Meeku em kavali andi...??
    Prakash:- Naaku em vadhu maa frnd kosam vachaa......
    Pradip:- (shocks) Ohh tinu mee frnd aa, 
    Prakash:- Haa, tana kosam chustuntey vaadu emo ikkada meeku help chestunnadu.
    Pradip:- Oh thank you bro for helping us......!
            (looks prakash) meeru water em anna taagutaraa.....
    Prakash:- Vadhu parledhu.........Ra ra venkat........chinna pani undhi neetho..
Venkat return glass with a love-breakup pain. His heart got broke and slowly walks away with prakash
    Prakash:- Nen inka mana van lo vachina worker anukuna, manaku sahayam chestey......!!

Prakash and venkat walks back to their room. Prakash would be asking questions "Why you went there?" "Did they ask you for help?" 
"Why aren't ypu answering". Venkat just walks ignoring prakash questions, fills water bottle in kitchen and enters his bedroom, shuts door
on prakash, starts Pornhub music. Prakash understands.

At night, Prakash dicusses with Madhu saying that Venkat should get a girlfriend , else "chethi rekhalu arigipotaay" Madhu "Ha ???"

Next Day...
Prakash Knocks venkats bedroom door. Venkat opens door with his hend tied around his shoulder with lousy/pissed face. Prakash "Em ayyindhi ra chethi ki?"
Venkat "pain vastundhi ani katta..." Prakash "Enduku....." Venkat "Ardham chesuko ra.....". Meanwhile Pradip knock on the Open main door of
boys. Prakash "Hello bro" Pradip "Hi bro, mee daggara Mopher and bucket undha bro...." Prakash "Ha...", Prakash walks into kitchen to bring
meanwhile venkat stares at pradip with tired look. Pradip smiles nervously. Prakash handovers the stuff to pradip.
Pradip takes it and asks "Bro meeku rent entha chepparu ?" Prakash "Maaku 25 chepparu bro, meeku" Pradip "18 annaru", Prakash "Oh meeru
software aa bro.." Pradip "Ha Senior manager ga work chestunna Microsoft lo, meeru" Prakash "Memu software ey junior level, mee comapny lo openings unaaya bro" 
Pradip "Ma company lo next month openings untaay anukunta..!" Prashanth "Ey date ki bro" Pradip "Telidhu chusta, untey meeku chepta, ledha mee profile share cheyyandi,
I will look into it"" Prakash "Ok bro Tq..." Pradip takes the bucke+morph and leaves.
Venkat wateches everything standing near his bedroom door, after pradip leaves he starts to close his bedroom door, prakash sprints and stops him.
Prakash "Rey aagu.." catches door handle "Ninnu aslau enduku pilichaano telsa...." Venkat "(stares at him)" Prakash "Neeko date set chesaa!"

MEETING -1 

Venkat arrives to his room, Prashanth asks how did it go Venkat repiles everything went fine she said will meet again. Venkat freshes up and enters his bedroom
around 10-11pm. Leans towards the common bedroom wall with neighbours. Venkat starts scrolling some novel in his phone. Suddenly he listens a slight moan.
He ignores at first. He listens it again, he starts to thinks whether Prakash and Madhu were united again. He walks out to hall and peeks, hee sees
the bedroom door is open and Prakash is alone on his bed watching movie. He walks back to his bedroom. Leans to his wall, he hears another moan. He Shocks,
looks towards wall and slowly keeps his ear towards wall. He realises that sounds are form next door neighbour. Suddenly the moaning stops and hears sudden 
jerk in bed and sound of opening door. He slowly leans towards the wall in sleeping position and sleeps. Next day they wake up and gets ready for office.
They wait near the gate for the rapido person to arrive. Venkat thinks whether to say about his night or not. He tries to say prakash.
Venkat "Rey neeku oka vishayam cheppali ra.." Praksh nods his head looking at rapido in mobile. Venkat "Ninna night.." Suddens pradip appears and says hello to them
Venkat stops whta he saying in sense of fear. Pradip "Enduku bro ikkada wait chustannaru" opens his bike dicky. Prakash "Rapido book chesaam, waiting...
Aa car medha bro"(pointing to the car in front the gate) Pradip "Ha avunu bro, health issue undhi naaku andukey car konna !" Prashanth "Em health issue ??"
Pradip "Naaku asthama undhi bro, ee dust, smoke pollution adhi sarigga padadhu. Ee bike kuda ammeytanki chustunna !!" Venakt stares a pity look to pradip
Prashanth "Entha ki ammutunnar anna" Pradip "Oka 45 ala anukunnanu, em meeru kontaara" Prashanth "Maa budget lo vastey teesukundham ani.." Pradip "Oka pani cheyandi bro
evng okasri nannu kalavandi office ayyaka, mana price negotiate chedham" Prashanth (excites) "Ha sare anna !! Evng vastam" 

Pradip leaves to office and boys go to their office on rapido. In the Evng vankat, Prashanth, Madhu arrives to their room. They just relaxes
removing bags and having some water. Prashanth asks venkat to check whether the car is present or not. Venkat "No" Madhu "Em car !"
Prashanth "Maa neighbour bro bike sale chestunadu anta, Evng vastey price negotiate chedham annadu. Manaki oka bike untey baguntaadhi kadha.."
Madhu "Oh nice, Nen kuda vasta negotiation ki. First food order pettandi". They three wait for Pradip to arrive, time passes and it slowly
gets 10pm. Madhu says will negotiates later, I need to head back to PG. She leaves. Prashanth adn venkat too gets ready to sleep and enter their
respective bedroom. Asusual venakt leans to the common bedroom wall and scrolls his phone. He listens moan !!!. Venkat slowly keeps his ear to wall,
and listens - In a sudden he realises "Pradip is not Home". He walks out and checks whether his car is present, he didn't find any car. He walks
to prashanth room brings to his bedroom and whispers to stay him calm and listen carefully. Prashanth listens the moan, they both slowly walk to
hall (vackground moans reaches to climax) prashanth "we shouldn't listen their personals" venkat "without pradip how can she moan !". 
Prashanth walks out to check car, they go to ground floor checks around the house but couldn't find the car. 
Venkat is completely sure something fishy is happening but doesn't have proof. He is completely curious and intrested to hashout what is happening. 
Prashanth is trying to prove we are misunderstanding, nothing wrong is happening. Venkat "Aa bike kindha chudra, aa tuppalo chudra caruuu"
Venkat "Nen cheppa ga pradip bro car ledhu ra....Edho jarugutundhi lopala.." Prashanth "Rey manaki telini vaati medha tappu pattakudadhu ra"
Venkat "Nen em neighbour aunty tappupatledhu, husband lekunda ala ela ani curious ga adigaa anthey". They climb to their floor, prashanth checks 
whether pradip shoes were present or not , venkat "Vaala shoerack bayata undadhu ra lopala untaadhi !". Prashanth and venkats walks to their venky's bedroom
Venakt "Ekkadiki ??" Prashanth "Annaya vachi untey ayana maatala vinipistaay kadha chudham ani...." Venkat "inka ey vinipichaav velli paduko..(sarcasm)"

Next Day morning they wait for rapido at ground floor gate. Meanwhile pradip climbs down to his car, holding his head. Prashanth elbows venkat to see
pradip. Pradip "(tiredly) Hi guys" Prashanth "Ninna meekosam wait chesam bro kaani meeru raaledhu" Pradip "Oh sorry bro, ninna office lo baaga late 
ayyindhi, intiki vacheysariki 1:30 ala ayyindhi. Eroju kuda urgent work undhi andukey mrng office ki velltunna" Prashanth "Ohh, parledhu lendi"
pradip "Oka pani cheyyandi, weekends randi matladukundham, Eroju kuda naak late avvachu. weekends naaku holiday ney veelu chusukoni randi." Prashanth "Ok"
Pradip walks to his car and drives to office. Venkat is completely suspicious. Venkat "Bro 1:30 ki vastey, 11:30 ki manaki vinapadina sounds enti"
Prashanth "Orey gattiga matladaku.". They go to office. But Venkat feels like Ramcharan in Dhruva and feels like he is investigating a high profile case.
He completely into yesterday's night thinking what happened yesterday. Madhu "Ninna bike gurinchi adigaara" Prashanth "Weekend rammandu negotiation ki"
Venkat clicks the pen continously and tries to solve the case.
The same day they return to their room, Venkat feels my mind is completely fried thinking about case so its to RELAX. He opens browser and downloads 
some porn content, closes his bedroom door. He starts watching at 6pm evng. Prashanth knocks on the door, venkat wont respond. 
Prashanth "Yuddham 6 taravat aapestaara, nuv 6 ki modhalpetaav", "Nen madhu tho bayataki veltunna". Prashanth leaves saying that. After sometime,
prashanth calls venkat, where venkat is in peak climax. He cuts the call changes to airplane mood. Resumes watching.

MEETING -2




