PLAN THE INTERIOR OF THE HOUSE - ARCHITECTURE AND HOUSE PLAN

Venkat and Prakash are two software emplyees working in same company. They stay in a 2BHK room sharing the expenses. They had another room
in same floor beside them empty (Tolet). Prakash had a girlfriend Madhu and they were in a relationship since inter. Madhu works in same
office but in different department. Everyday mrng venkat and prakash gets ready to office and waits at their house gate for rapido. 
One day venkat gets a phone call in the morning while he is sleeping. He wakes up and lifts that call, Some friend of venkat calls him
and says "Happy valentines day" venkat"(sleepy) Naaku enduku cheptunav ra !" frnd"Neeku elago evaru chepparu kadhaa (burst Laugh)". Venkat
wakes up with irritated mood. Gets out of bed and walks to front yard, stretches his body looks some luggage in front of the gate. He turns to
right he sees a woman (Shruti) taking luggage which is at the door into their room. He watches her - falls for her. She wears a chudidhar, 
looks fair like a traditional north indian, but dressing style is South india. He stares at her playing a song in the background of movie
Yemaindhi eevela.....and imagines him as venkatesh. She backs to front yard again and takes remaining luggage. Venkat mesmerizes to her beauty.
Pradip walks past venkat struggling with luggage, venkat sees that and tries to help him. Pradip says thanks, venkat uses this oppurtunity 
to get in house. Venkat enters the hall places the luggage. Pradip asks him to place the shoerack near the main door, venkat does that.
Pradip says thanks, introduces his name to venkat and venkat introduces his name to him, 
but their is no shruthi their, no intro of her. venkat is searching for her but she does some work at bedroom - he couldn't get glimpse.
He says "ok bro.." and starts leaving, he just turns back and watches if she come out, bends to see through bedroom - meanwhile he catches
eye contact of pradip, he smiles and walks out of the house. When is about to cross the main door he gets a glimpse of her in bedroom while 
he bends a bit. He blushes and walks out of the house. He enters his bedroom with a blushing smile and floats in his dreams sitting on sofa.

Prakash walks out of the kitchen, watches venkat. Prakash " Entra moham veligipotundhi !" Venkat "(smiles) chuckles and wont respond" 
Prakash "(confuses yet smiles with venkat) Chepraa" Venkat "Mana pakka intlo oka ammayi digindhi ra, ippudey chusi vastunna super undhi ra !" 
Prakash "(fades his smile) Rey vaalu married couple ra." Venkat "(processing) Neek ela telsu?" Prakash "Owner ippudey phn chesadu, mana pakka 
intlo married coulpe digutaaru anta, current bill discuss chesukomanndu. Ee floor ki okey meter kadha !"
Venkat "(dissappoints) (pauses) Ohhh!!!". Venkat doesnt get deep hurt just a moment hurt. Sits on sofa and says sarle !!. Eroju debha medha debba
maa frnd gaadu call lo insult chesadu, ippudu idhi. (gap) Ayina vaadu tana kanna pedha vaadi la unndu, child marriage antava...!

Prakash laughs and walks back to kitchen. Few hours later, Pradip knocks of venkats room and asks mopper and bucket. He gives it to him, 
pradip "Thanks bro, morning kuda help chesaru" Venkat "Its Ok bro." Prakash approaches from side and smiles. Pradip smiles at him.
Pradip "Meeku rent entha bro" Prakash "25k bro" Pradip "Ohh" Prakash "Meeku entha chepparu bro" Pradip "18k" Prakash "Software aa bro"
Pradip "Ha....Ok bro" pradip leaves.

Next day venkat and prakash waits at ground floor gate. Pradip climbs down the steps. Sees them, and waves HI. Prakash waves back, asks about the car.
pradip "Ha ahh car naadhey ! Recent ganey konna. Naaku ee dust pollution antha padadhu, Astham undhi" Prakash "Ee bike kuda medhaa !"
Pradip walks towards them, looks behind the bike. Pradip "Ha nadhey, ammeydham anukuntunna" Prakash "Entha ki ammuthunaaru bro ?". 
Venkat stands their and listens their convo as he is intersted in buying a bike. Pradip "Inka price em anukolee, meeku koney udheysam undhaa.."
Prakash "Budget lo vastey chudham ani." Pradip "Evng okasri randi, matladudham. Ippudu office ki time avutundhi". Prakash "Ok". 
Pradip walks to his car enters and leaves. 

The boys go to their office and works. At evng they reach to their room, along with them madhu arrives too. Prakash asks venkat to check the pradip car
Madhu asks why ??, venkat checks and says no. Prakash explain her that beside new neighbours arrived. The new neighbours bro is thinking to sell bike
he told to meet him in evng. Madhu says I will also join you guys for the negotiation. They wait for hours, meanwhile they order food eat and watch movie
scrolls phone. At 10pm, Madhu leaves as its getting late - she needs to go to PG. She leaves, prakash and venkat takes it light and decides to 
ask next day. They move to their respective bedroom to sleep. Venkat leans on the common bedroom wall for adjacent houses and scrolls his manga on phn.
While scrolling he listens some low voice moans. 
He assumes "Ohh neighbour mariied couple kadhaa, romance lo unnarau emo". He feels a bit disgusting as he had feelings on her for a moment
now he is listening sounds of her with her husband.
grabs his earphones. Suddenly he realises a thing, "Did Pradip arrive ???". He walks out and checks for car. There will be no 
sign of car. He checks for shoes near the neighbour door, he realises that the show rack for them will be inside the house corner to main door.
He walks into his room, suspiciously sits on his bed and keeps his ear on the wall. He listens some intense breathing and slight moan and the 
sound halts. He thinks of it walks to Prakash room to say what he witnessed, prakash would be sleeping. He exhales and walks back to his room - sleeps.

............................CheckPoint-1

Next day morning while waiting for rapido at gate, venkat says prakash what he witnessed. 
Prakash surprises, he laughs saying "Pakkintlo sounds vindtam entra"
Venkat "(pause) - Adhi kaadhu ra point." "(Looks around) (Quietly) Ninna aa time ki annay ledu". prakash stops smiling. "Em antunnav ra".
Pradip climbs down the stairs holding his head like he had a migrane. Prakash says Hi to him, Pradip also waves hi to them. Prakash "Ninna
mee kosam wait chesam bro, kaani meeru leru.." Pradip stops while he walking towards his car "Ninna office lo heavy work undhi bro almost night
1:30 ki vachaa. Ippudu kuda urgent work undhi andukey vektunna. (pauses) Meeru oka pani cheyyandi, weekends vacheyandi" pradip leaves
Venkat and prakash looks at each other, venkat "Night 1:30 ki vachaadanta !!". They both go to office and thinks about it. Prakash asks venkat
whether he heard actual moans or he confused with something else. Venkat says iam quite sure man, enni adult videos lo chudaledhu.
They arrive to their room. This time venkat and prakash stays in venkats bedroom. They want to confirm it. Slowly the time flies it reachies to
11:30pm, venkat slowly dozes off. Prakash yawns. Then in a sudden, Prakash listens moan. He slowly approaches to common bedroom wall and listens it.
He confirms that it is moan and it is coming from neighbour. He wakes up venkat and tells him about it. They both confirms it. They walk out
but this time they can see PRADIP'S CAR OUTSIDE. Prakash "Car undhi raa..." Venkat "Yaa...........Kaani ninna ledhu."
Prakash "Vadhiley ra, padha padukundham.......Ikkada entra pradip bro shoes levu" Venkat "Vaalu shoe rack lopala untaadhi". They walk inside 
and sleeps in hall.

Prakash and Venkat assumes it as a private investiagtion and watches all things happpening by sitting in the hall, doing works in laptops.

Next day, prakash takes his girlfriend to mall for hanging out. At evng prakash sees Pradip in mall, he greets him and introduces his girlfriend to him
he asks did he came with his wife, he says No, he came for a team party from company. They says bye to eachother and resumes.
Prakash reaches to his room around 10pm. While he climbing stairs he sees a man leaving from neighbour house, where shruthi and that person both smile at each other.
He wears a black shirt. He leaves while madhu and prakash reaches their room. Venkat walks from kitchen to prakash hurrily to say something important but stops
seeing madhu. Acts normal infront of madhu by greeting her. Madhu enters prakash bedroom for washroom. Then venkat takes praksh to hall and says 
he heard moans again but this time and there is no car of pradip. Prakash says he saw pradip in mall he is attending team party stuff.
Prakash asks at what time you heard, he says just 20-30 mins before. Prakash says while Iam entering I saw a person wearing black shirt leaving.
They both look at each other trying to connect dots. Madhu walks to hall, they act normal and venkat says I am sleepy Goodnight. 
Prakash and madhu sleeps in one room and venkat in other bedroom. Both were thinking about the same thing. The voids they are confronting.

Next day weekend, Madhu would be cooking in kitchen, Prakash helps her in kitchen. Venkat outside peals garlic sitting in hall. Then a new person
walks in fromt if their door to neighbour's house. Venkat watches it, ignores and does his work. Few moments later, pradip and Prashant (new person)
would be standing near their front balcony and laughing with a glass in their hands. Venkat sitting in hall scrolling, listens to their laughs.
He hears that prashanth is praising pradip in every aspect and pradip gets blushed and getting on top of the mountain with those praises.
He walks out causually, tries to peek gets eye contact of pradip - Smiles and acts causual. 
Pradip feels a bit awkard watching venkat peeking on them. He feels "veela pani vachileysi ma dhantlo dhooratam enduku"
Pradip says hi to venkat, Prashant turns back and sees venkat. Venkat sees prashanth. Venkat walks into his house.
Prashant asks who is that to pradip, pradip says there are neighbours. Venkat return to hall with a why I did like that face
Prakash asks what happened, venkat says I awkardly got eye contact with pradip and other guy. Prakash asks who is the other guy, venkat says IDK.
Prakash slowly peeks out. Pradip again catches prakash stare, he thinks malli veedu vachaadu enti ????
Prakash smiles at them and walks towards them.
Pradip introduces prakash as neighbour to prashanth, prashanth waves hi to prakash
Pradip "Enti bro visheyshaalu"
Prakash "Em lev bro, (slowly walks towards them) Meeru bike gurinchi discuss chedham annaru ga....."
Prashant "Nen ee glass petteysi vasta, mee glass kuda ivvandi......" he walks into house. prakash and pradip would be talking outside.
Meanwhile inside prashanth keeps the glasses in sink, beside madhu would be cooking on stove. He looks at her (entha kathi la undhi)
and smiles, she too looks at him and blushes.
Shruthi "Pani ayindha..." Prashant "avutundhi, inthlo neighbour vachaaru....""Inko rendu pogadthalu ekkuva pogidivuntey set ayyipoyedhi."
Shruti "Siggu ledha neeku..." Prashant "nuvvu kuda kuncham coperate chestey pani ayyipotaadhi" Shruthi "Chuckles with blushing"

Venkat slowly walks towards them, with a nervous smile.
Pradip "Mee vishayam ey discuss chetunnam, prakash ki cheppa neeku cheptaadu", prashanth walks out to say lunch is prepared get in will eat.
Pradip says bye to them and leaves. While walking back to their room prakash says to venkat he is the black shirt guy I saw yesterday while 
climbing stairs. Venkat surprise. Prakash says He delivers all household vegetables and flours, pulses to them. 
They both enter hall talking, madhu interupts them and ask them lets have lunch. She serves lunch.


From then all consequent days they see sometimes prashanth walks to their neighbors house carrying household stuff or vegetables,
prashanth becomes plumber, carpenter, and mechanic to the neighbour house.

whenever prashanth arrives we see a strange blushing smile for both of them. He stays in house after giving veg, he leaves sometimes.
some nights they hear moans and some nights they wont. This happens whole week. Venkat and prakash tries to listen at night.
Prashant and shruthi talks suspiciously like a secret words. They sometime eyes to each other when pradip is around them.
They try to peek at night after moaning stops, whether someone is leaving from neighbors house or not. This continoues. Meanwhile,
Venkat gazes at shruthi sometimes with a pervert funny look, gazes her when he asks her some household stuff like chilli powder etc.
Venkat says to prakash:- Ee range lo untey neney vellipothaa, prashanth gaadu entha le. (He lusts her beauty sometimes)

Venkat kind of attracts to her and her physique. He slowly addicts to moans. Unlike prakash he is intersted in finding the affair, venkat's 
intrest slowly turns from affair to Shruthi & her moans. He stalks her, tries to peek her - does stuff like hero stalking heroine.
Prakash may miss one day to listen moans, but venkat listens everyday. He goes to her kitchen for stuff and stares at her hip and walks back to praksh and excites 
narrating what he saw - He says like Em anna nadumaa adhi !!!!
As he goes to her for kitchen stuff she also slowly starts talking with him causually
a hello-smile while seeing him. They just talks sometimes standing in front balconies of respective houses.
Venkat sometimes supports shruthi that what wrong having an affair and defend her in front of prakash in conversation

ADD SOME MORE SCENES WHICH CONVEY THAT VENKAT IS ADDICTED TO Shruthi....WHICH LEADS TO THAT MISBEHAVE ACT <==================================================> IMP

Venkat keeps alarm sometimes to wake up at night to listen moans. He watches porn sometime when he didn't hear moans.
Madhu also gets along with shruthi and pradip. Madhu and shruthi will talk like close frnds - girls thing stuff together. Sometimes madhu
tease prakash that she wont say what she is talking with shruthi as it is girls thing.

Prakash and venkat gets some sort of clarity of what happpening in neighbors house. But this guys have some doubt on prashanth and shruthi but
they dont have a solid proof. They hear moans, but they wont see anyone leaving at night. They assume maybe he staying inside. But the moans are only
heard when there is NO PRADIP. These boys suspect something strange is happening but couldn't prove it.


One night, venkat leans on his bedroom common wall and scrolls his phone, Prakash and Madhu would be sleeping in another bedroom. Venkat walks out to fetch water
from fridge in hall. When he walks to get some water he hears the romantic lines from the Prakash bedroom "Madhu:- Prakash Ohh... Prakash ila raa, 
ila raa............". He listens it and sprints back to his room, meanwhile from background "Prakash and Madhu Giggles........".
Venkat feels "odiyamma, urgent ga vellipovali ikkada nunchi" close his bedroom door and picks his earphones. He scrolls few mins, later he opens VPN - 
connects it and starts watching porn. 
Next day mrng venkat spreads on his bed leaving his mouth open in sleep. Covered with bedsheet beneath. Venkat wakes up (around 12:30pm), sets his shots and
tshirt, unlocks his door and walks to hall. Prakash would be sitting on sofa - Venkat asks about Madhu, Prakash replies she left
Venkat picks up his toothbrush sits on sofa beside prakash. They both scroll phn.

In a sudden they see prashanth entering neioghbour house, hears prashanth voice calling shruthi and knocking door. He will be holding a 
box which contains alcohol bottles in it. They both see him and hear him, and resumes their work - venkat brushing, prakash scrolling.
After few moments venkat washes his face and cleans with towel - suddenly prashanth knocks on their door - he looks very happy and excited,
asks them a opener. Prakash gives him the opener and asks why he need opener. Prashant says I bought alcohol and today night will drink 
and do party as it is my birthday tmrw. Will party till night 12'o clock. Prakash greets advance happy bday, venkat says too... prashanth leaves.
and enters to neighbours house.

The same day afternoon around 3pm, venkat sleeps on his bed, prakash sits in hall. Suddenly venkat hear moan !!. Venkat jerks up sits on his bed,
prakash looks at venkat why he made that sudden movement. Venkat looks at prakash and gestures him to come. Venkat and prakash both listens the moan.
Prakash look at venkat, vekat gives a look "I already told you". Now they have a solid evidence that, Prashant and shruthi are having an affair. 
As they didnt see prashanth leave and moreover, prashanth bike is near the gate plus pradip's car is missing. They are now fixed that an affair 
is being happening in neighbors house. Venkat and prakash realises that this is the reason prashant brings all vegetables, pulses and 
becomes plumber, carpenter for them. T=Beocz of this affair he doing all slave works for them.
At 5pm venkat and prakash standing near the front balcony, they see pradip arrives parking his car 
- gets down and climbs up. Pradip gives them a not intrested smile at them while walking to his room, venkat and prakash gives a nervous smile.

At night they here some music paying in the neighnours house. Venkat , prakash and madhu sits on floor playing cards. Venkat covers laughs
listening to music (venkat thinks he is banging his wife and giving booze to him and pradip is believing). prakash sees him and eyes him not 
to laugh as madhu is sitting beside she cant know whats happening here. Same night prakash sleeps with madhu and venkat sleeps on his bed 
watches porn as he heard moan afternoon, so there wont be at night.

On prashanth bday the neighbors go out for whole day. Venkat and Prashant standing on the front balcony discussing the news about wife killing
husband. Make jokes on those. They believe that general murdering husband cases happened when wife had lover and wife wont allow her husband to
touch. But here the case is different. husband had intimacy with wife and Prashant does also have license. They talk about what if suddenly
one mrng we see police near our house. They make fun. At night venkat checks whether the neighbours are present or not. They weren't present.
He Asusual connects vpn and sleeps on his bed. He wakes up in the morning next day lousy, brushes chesck in kitchen, where prakash would be
cooking something, venkat walks back to his bedroom opens his phone, when he unlocks it he sees the video which he paused at night. He looks at it
for a moment checks his surroundings, and slowly sits on his bed and starts watching. Few moments later prakash calls him from kitchen,
venkat who is about to orgasm, gets disturbed. cuts the call in anger. Prakash knocks on his door and says him to bring some curry leaves,etc from neighbour.
Venkat thinks "I can see shruthi, with this excuse". He opens door and says did they arrive ??. Prakash replies they arrived, if they dont
have the chilli powder get it from nearby shop.

Venkat says ok and walks to neighbour house. He slowly knocks on the open door, Shruthi walks out from kitchen. She wears a Saree she looks even 
more hot in that saree which is tied and knotted under her waist. She ties a pony with some hair falling on her face like funk. She walks with a smile
seeing venkat. She says hello in smily tone, Venkat gets completely immersed in harmones. Venkat asks for some curry leaves and, etc. She says
"Ha come insde I will give" He walks into hall, Shruthi gives the friendly relative arrived kind of treatment. She calls him into kitchen to take 
how much leaves he want She picks chilli powder into a small container - in a moment she stirs the food she is cookin on stove. Venkat is 
lost in harmones slowly walks towards her holding the leaves in his hand. Shruthi stiring the soup in utensil, he slowly approaches her and
slowly moves his hand (He is thinking aobut the videos he watched at night and in mrng he just watched. He is thinking it works as it worked in
videos). He slowly moves his hand towards her waist, he is thinking about the moment when he is going to touch her waist and she will feel it.
Slowly touches her waist with his finger, leaning slowly on her shoulder from behind.

Scene cuts to prakash cooking something in kitchen. In a sudden venkat walks into hall where shruthi bangs him with his hand. Slapping
pushing with her hand. Prakash walks out and sees shruthi bashing venkat and shouting on him. Prakash tries to stop her and tries to ask
what happened. Shruthi gives them warning saying how dare to misbehave, I would give a police complaint on you guys, just wait until then.
She warns them she will see their end and walks out. Prakash gets confused completely, meanwhile while venkat who is shit scared walks into his
bedroom holding his head out of tension, sits on bed. Prakash walks to him and ask what happened. Venkat says he tried to touch her (scene plays)
Prakash gets completely angry and gestures to hit him. Prakash scolds why you did like that, Now everything got worse. Venkat sits silent getting
tensed and shivering, sweating. Prakash says if she would give complaint on us What will we do. Prakash says venkat to go and aplozise to her
so that this matter gets settled without any big stakes. Venkat sits shivers without any response. Prakash shakes venkat to respond. Venkat looks at him
and says he whispered that he knows about her affair (scene plays). Prakash shocks now hits venkat and screams why he said that. Venkat says 
we are listening her moans through wall everyday right so I assumed.... Prakash says idiot, You ruined everything...continues scolding
From the other side of the wall Shruthi hears everything and gets stunned. Slowly walks to chair in hall - echos of voice all over her.
She sits like someting she never expected to happen got happened and she feeling completely shamed and insulted.
She is feeling like she got caught red handed. She is feeling like she got exposed in front of everyone. She is feeling like her secret is out.
At the same time Prashant enters the hall sees her and shocks ! (Scene Cut)

Prakash and venkat in kitchen, prakash gets frustated as the food got burnt on stove. He looks at venkat, venkat is covered in sweat.
Venkat - ippudu em chedham ra... Prakash - Ippudu sorry cheppina waste ra, endukantey vaala secret manaki telusu ani vaalki telusu.
Prakash - police complaint em ivvadhu ra, endukantey istey manam dhaani secret bayatapetteystam ga..
Venkat - antey manam safe aa ?????
Prakash walks to hall thinking something, Venkat follows him asking whether they are safe or not. In a moment they look at main door, where 
Prashant standing, tight wrist far from their door - gazing with a look Now I will see how you guys live, you r dead. Venkat and prakash looks at him
he gives that terrifying stare and slowly walks down to stairs. Venkat and prakash gets shit scared. Venkat says I even left my slippers in front
of their house.
(Here Prashant gets very angry but wont fight with boys at that instant as Shruthi said made a promise on her - not to do anything
On the either side shruthi is completely traumatized. She can't speak out to anyone, she is afraid that her husband would hate her for that.
completely dying inside her and shamefull inside.)

Venkat and prashanth stays outside from evng to night. Both discussing what happens if she says to pradip. He would kill us.
prakash - says shruthi wont say to pradip as she too did wrong. Venkat - Why will she say her mistake to her husband. She will lie to her husband 
that we misbehaved with her and cover about her affair. Moreover he will 
listen to his wife more than us. How will pradip believe us, we dont have any solid proof of her affair - we didn't even record her moans.
Venkat is afraid to go to room and pradip would be waiting to hit him. They are thinking either to not to go room for today and stay out
somewhere OR To go to room at late night. They decide to go late night. They enter house very Quietly without making any sound. From ground floor
gate to their room they try not to make any noise - even while climbing. Venkat hold prakash hand while climbing. They finally opens their room 
door without any noise - They didn't lock their door just closed the door knob. 

They slowly enter their room and closes the main door and switch
ON the lights they see Madhu - standing their with a where u guys went till now, leaving your phones here and not locking the door. Venkat 
and prakash gets scared when they first see her. Madhu starts scolding them how careless they are - Didnt lock main door, Left your phone in room
came at late night. Venkat begs her to not to raise her voice as If Pradip gets to know they are here he will come to bash venkat. Prakash slowly
convinces her saying sorry and takes to his room. Venkat enters his bedroom. He get nightmares, where pradip trying to kill him. He couldn't 
able to sleep properly. He wakes up from bad dream and from that bad dream he wakes to reality - inception concept.
Finally in the mrng prakash knocks on venkat door, intially venkat gets scared after listening prakash voice - he calms. Opens door.
Praksh says lets go to office get ready. Venkat says he wont to office. Prakash if you stay here pradip may come to hit you, but in office he 
can't enter our office. Office is safe for you than room. Madhu from beside asks what is safe and why room is not safe. Prakash covers up 
something. 

Pradip and Madhu stands at ground floor gate for rapido. Venkat stays in room. He says to Prakash to call him when rapido arrives,
till then he will stay in room closing the main door. Venkat waits for prakash, meanwhile madhu calls him and tells him rapido arrived.
He peeks through main door. Rapidly opens the door locks and sprints down. He climbs down 2nd floor steps and While sprinting down 
for 1st floor steps he encounters Pradip (wearing a nylon track and tshirt maybe his night dress). Venkat is about to dash him but 
stops shocked standing very close to him. Pradip looks at him. A moment of silence. Pradip says you are sweating very badly bro..... 
Em ayyindhi ala chustunnav. Venkat gets stunned - doesn't know what to speak. Pradip smiles sare vellu, office ki late avutunnatu unnav. 
Smiles and climbs to 2nd floor. Venkat in confusion, shock, happiness(that he doesn't know what he did to shruthi) slowly walks to gate.
Prakash asks him what happened, venkat's mind echos of words. He slowly enter auto and reaches office.

In office venkat says what happened at stairs to prakash. Praksh gets shocked and relieved - smiles. Prakash adhi kuda bayapadi untaadhi ra
andukey cheppaledhu. They both get relieved - exhales deeply. Venkat smiles out of relief excites that he got escaped. venkat asks prakash
whether to say sorry to her or not. Prakash replies will see. That evng they get bike of their frnd kailash. So they just go for a 
rides on bike. While they are riding they see a suspicious person following them. Even how many turns they take the bike keeps following them.
The bike person wear a helmet to cover his face + black jacket and follows them. They get scared initially they slowly park their bike 
at some shopping mall and hides. The bike follower also slowly parks his bike and enters mall. Venkat and prakash will walk out of mall slowly 
walks to end of road and books rapido. The follower checks the bike in fornt of the parking. So he thinks the boys are still in mall.
Venkat and Prakash calls to kailash and says they forgot his bike at shopping mall parking area. Requests him to go get his bike.
Prakash evadra vaadu manalni follow avutunnadu. Venkat realises and replies Shruthi pradip gaadiki cheppaledhu ....Prashant gaadiki cheppindhi.
Both realises.
The follower in black jacket calls prashanth and says I see their bike in parking lot but they were not in mall, Prashant listens......
Meanwhile in auto venkat asks pradip gaadiki cheptey police complaint istaadu, prashanth gaadu em chestaadu...., 
Prakash - Rowdy li ki ila supaari istaadu....Both look at each other.
Follower says to prashanth that he may missed them, prashanth cuts the call out of anger.

Venkat and Prakash reaches to their room sits and thinks - Encountered another problem. They think what they have to do. Both Terrified.
Prakash says lets not jumP to conclusion. If we see the back jacket guy again then will decide. Until then lets not overthink.
At the same night they both sleeping in hall closed main door. Around 2pm midnight. They suddenly hear someone banging their main door from 
outside. They both wakes up in sudden - startles. They together on the light and slowly walks to door - Opens It. They see pradip lying on the 
floor helpless - his leg near to their main door. Looks like he crawled to their door. Pradip on floor tries to breath and suffocates.
Venkat and Prakash rushes and takes him to hospital - both carrying pradip. At hospital the doctor says everything is fine, he missed to use 
his inhaler. Doctor leaves. Prakash asks pradip what happened. Pradip says at night he suddenly felt uneasy in breathing. tried his inhaler
but the inhaler is empty. So he thought to buy an inhaler and stepped out - in a sudden he couldn't able to breath and starts to collapse.
He left with no choice other than to kick the boys door. Pradip thanks them. Venkat asks you should have asked your wife ..
Pradip says he didn't want to wake her up and he thought he can handle it. Prakash says you should keep a spare inhaler with him.
Pradip says Even I couldn't understand why the new inhaler I just bought yesterday didn't work. Actually everytime it works that too its a new
inhaler. Prakash and venkat looks at each other in sense of doubt. Prakash asks Will you call your wife , pradip says Iam fine now lets not
disturb her - its not a big issue. All three walk to their room. Prakash asks is it ok to leave hospital, u just got recovered. pradip says its 
a small thing no need of icu and incubator.Pradip thanks them again and asks them to lets go to your house. The boys
says we will spend few minutes here - pradip says ok and walks back to his house.

Prakash and venkat talks about this might be an planned incident. Becoz pradip says its a new inhaler it didnt work, and while pradip 
walking out of house shruthi didn't hear any noise of him moving or she acted sleeping (Scenes). Prakash says she may in deep sleep.
Venkat - Morning the jacket person followed us and now pradip almost died. I think the news getting true. Prakash - what news.
Venkat - That wife killing people to elope with his lover. Prakash gets terrified and venkat gets worried. They walk to their room and sleep.

At same night prakash gets a nightmare - at afternoon/evng (daylight) he causual walks out to front balcony, he sees the black helmet guy 
wearing black jacket standing in front of the gate waving hi. At the same time madhu would be walking towards his gate from the street.
Prakash gets terrified as the jacket guy waiting there, he turns towards madhu and looks at prakash. Prakash gets tensed the jacket guy 
slowly walks to madhu. Prakash would be shouting madhu to go back. Madhu wont listen to him and walks towards the house
The jacket slowly turns back to catch Madhu. Jacket guy walks towards Madhu, Madhu walks to house, Prakash shouts - Jacket catches madhu - Prakash Wakes Up.
Prakash gets very worried thinking that something may happen to madhu becoz of them. Venkat sees him in kitchen and asks prakash why he is soo moody,
Prakash says that he is afraid that something may happen to madhu becoz of him. Venkat feels sad. In a sudden prakash gets call from madhu.
He lifts it and shocks. Venkat worried, waits for him complete call. After hanging up phn, venkat asks prakash what happened prakash says
that madhu got fever and he is going to see her. Prakash gets ready and leaves. Venkat stays alone in room.

Venkat calls kailash and asks did he take his bike from mall parking and did anyone followed him while taking his bike.
kailash says no one followed him

Prakash goes to madhu's PG. Venkat stays alone in room and order food. While he is bathroom sitting on commode the delivery person calls.
Venkat says the delivery person to leave the order in front of the door in second floor first house. After copmleting his stool. He walks to main
door scrolling something in phn and opens the main door. He sees the food package on the floor half distance from door. In front the black jacket
guy wearing helmet leaning on the front yard wall keeping his hands in pockets. Venkat sees him shocks and scared. Shuts the door. Locks it and confuses
what to do. The jacket person knocks the door, venkat from inside slowly walks to door. The jacket person from outside says open the door 
he want to talk and wont hurt him. Venkat from inside - who r you, I wont open door ! If u stay here I will call the police. Jacket person
police ki phn chesi em cheptav, nen neighbors tho misbehave chesanu - vaala manchitananni alusu ga teesukoni aadavaalla medha cheyyi vesanu
ani cheptaava. Venkat sweats of fear. Nuv ippudu door teyyakopothey taravata vastaa, malli malli vastuney untaa. Adhi antha enduku okasari 
door teyyu, just 2mins matladaali. matladeysi vellipothaa.....Venkat from inside - Em matladutaav, ninnu pampinchina vaadu oka affair pettukunnadu
aa affair gurinchi nen evvariki cheppakudadhu ani naaku warning istav anthey ga. Meeru em anna goppa pani chesara entra nenu yedhava ayithey
meeru naa kanna pedha yadhavalu anthey. (Jacket person listens) Ee vishayam nen kuda police lu ki cheppachu. Appudu meeku kuda chekkeystaaru.
Jacket person takes a pause. Venkat from inside with a confidence of victory made the jacket guy to shut. Venkat bangs door and says
ippudu cheppara na kodaka em matal raatledheyy, noru padipoyyindha.....(bangs door again) cheppara naa kodaka (bangs) cheppu.....!!

A moment silence, venkat waits - in a sudden he listens knock and pradip voice saying hello venkat, hello......Venkat confuses and opens door.
He sees pradip and no trace of jacket guy. Pradip asks whom you r asking to say and why r u banging door. Venkat nervously Iam talking to my frnd
in phn please dont mind. Pradip chuckles - what a weird man and leaves. Venkat takes the parcel and close main door. He calls prakash
prakash wont lift - venkat leaves a voice note saying the jacket came to our room he may come to you - just be careful.

The jacket guy calls to Prashant and says he is saying about affair and he will reveal it to police, Prashant listens it seriously.

Prashant talks to shruthi saying they are saying affair and you are not responding anything. Shruthi says I said to leave it, why are you still sticking to 
the same topic. I told you to not to talk with those people. Just ignore them and do your work - she gives this serious kind of warning to prashanth and leaves.
Now prashanth gets doubt on her and he starts thinking shruthi is hioding something. I guess I have to get it form those venkat and prakash.
Prashant slowly thinks that If someone spreads rumor on married woman about affair she should reject it and raise her voice or atleast she should
cry but shruthi is acting suspicious like she is hiding something. He too slowly starts to think that she may hiding an affair.
====================================================================================================================================================>BOOKMARK
After prakash walks to pharmacy to take medicines for madhu. then he listens the voice msg, and calls venkat. Venkat says what happened
venkat says Nenu kuda reverse lo warning icheysariki vellipoyadu, nuv jagratha. Prakash says idhi full PG's unna area, public lo vaadu
em cheyya ledu le. Prakash hangs up the phn. At night madhu and prakash takes a walk outside. Prakash says why to walk outside just stay in 
room take rest. Madhu says Lets breath some fresh air and I want to walk with you. Prakash says ok lets finish it fast and walk to PG.
Madhu mrng nunchi enduku antha tension padutunnav. Ikkada em avvadhu idhi full PG area public untaaru. Em kaadhu. While walking madhu 
takes prakash to another street form rush street to a calm street. Madhu slowly hold his hand out of affection and leans her head on his 
shoulder while walking. Madhu gets blushed for the care prakash showed. Madhu says thanks. Prakash understands her words an says 
No need to say it. While walking they see the light is dim on the way Prakash gets suspicious in beginning. Suddenly madhu feels someone throwed
someting on her. Praksh asks what happened , madhu replies something hit me. I dont know what.... Prakash says lets walk back. While they turn and 
walk back they will be hit by rocks from different directions. Prakash and madhu runs out of the street and enters rush street. Prakash and 
madhu breathing heavily. Prakash takes her to PG and says her to sleep and forget what ever happened. He waits for her to fall asleep, after she
sleeps he leaves PG and walks back to his room. While walking to his room he sees the street where they got hit by rocks. He sees with anger
inhales and sharp exhales and walks to his room.

Prakash walks back to his room and venkat sees him and asks what happened to ur shirt it look dusty. Prakash says someone threw rocks on them.
Venkat shocks and says Is madhu fine, prakash says she is fine. Venkat did you eat anything. One hour later, prakash gets a phone call. He
shouts - WHAT !!. Prakash takes venkat to Madhu PG and walks to her room. Her room is filled with people. Madhu sits on her bed scared.
They say some strange men entered their pg and while is at 6th floor (Madhu's room floor). Someone saw his suspicious activity, 
and called him "who r u", everyone came out of their room to check the noise in corridor then in a sudden he ran and tried to enter madhu's room. 
But the girl closed the room locked it, remaining tenets called the security and he ran away. The security is talking to police currently. 
Venkat asks whether he is wearing ang black jacket. They said he covered his face, he wore a jacket but its not black. Prakash asks whether 
madhu is fine ??. She says its ok, Praksh says venkat to book auto and take madhu with them for few days, she will stay with them until her 
health is fine. Prakash packs her luggage for few days .Venkat books auto and brings her to their room. While climbing steps they see shruthi
drying clothes on the rope, Madhu says hi, but shruthi ignores it, takes her wet clothes and walks into her house - like she hates them.
Madhu and prakash takes her to their room. Prakash makes her to sleep., after she slept he walks to hall. Venkat says ippudu em chedham,
police complaint em anna idhhama. Prakash - entra orikey police police antu, em ani istav. Ippudu jarigina incidents anni evadu cheyyinchaadu antey
em cheptam...Prashant gaadi peru cheptam. Kaani proof edhi. Ippati dhaaka jarigina vi anni random incidents dheniki proof ledhu. Manaku matramey 
telsu enduku ivvi jarigaayo, kaani manam cheppithey evaru nammaru. Prakash - Shruthi tho matladali.....venkat - em matkudutaav ???
Prakash - velli request chesi, ippato dhaaka jarigindhi mem marchipotham, meeru kuda marchipondi. Ee affair vishayam mem evariki cheppam. 
maa vaad chesindhaniki Sorry ani cheppeydham. Ledha kaala medha padi request chedham. Nuvu kuda sorry cheppali. Venkat - nenaa ????
Prakash - tappadhu ra, repu pradip leni time chusi manam velli matladaali.

Next day, Prakash and venkat waits for pradip to leave for office. They see him leaving for office. They waits for some time and then they goes to
Decide to talk to shruthi. Madhu would be sleeping
prakash and venakt walks out and slowly closes the main door but wont lock. They both are nervous and scared. Venakat stands behind prakash, 
prakash knocks door. He knocks again, waits for few minutes shruthi opens door - looks at them out of anger she shuts the door on their faces.
Prakash knocks and says we r here to say sorry and apolozise, please open the door we wont take long Just two mins we will 
apolozise and we will go. While they are knocking the door and saying we r sorry, please open door - madhu from beside stands there and listens
prakash words. Madhu gets shocked - prakash and venkat sees madhu that she listened everything. Meanwhile from behind prashanth climbs up and sees them
He sees in a way that he about to kick them and start fight. Prakash says that we r not here to fight bro, we r here to say sorry. Prakash and
venkat slowly walks towards prashanth , prakash says madhu to go inside. Prashant slowly raise on them - what sorry will u guys say. You shameless
perverts and pushes venkat back. Prashant says If you find a helpless women u try to misbehave, look at ur mothers you shameless creatures. Madhu
confuses and tries to stop prashanth. Prakash says madhu to get inside, prashanth raises on madhu saying being a woman how u r staying with them.
Venkat comes in middle to stop prashanth. In a moment shruthi opens door and takes prashanth inside by pulling him to her house. 
Prakash and venkat takes madhu inside. Madhu gets terrifed.

Shruthi takes prashanth inside and shruthi shouts on him - like they were having an argument. While there argument slowly heats up,
pradip enters and sees them. Prakash silently leaves the house. Pradip asks what happened. Shruthi says ist nothing, why you cam ??
pradip gets call from manager - he says iam coming to office sir just forgot some files. Pradip takes that file and leaves,

Madhu asks what happening, why he is saying that u r perverts. Did you guys do anything wrong ?? Prakash why r u saying sorry to her, and why
is she not responding to you ?? Whats heppening. Prakash and venkat explain her everthing of what heppened. (cut scene to prashanth & madhu in their house) 
Madhu listens everything.
Madhu asks venkat why did u misbehave with her, venkat says i didnt even touch her properly, just my finger, that to not my complete finger.
A tip of my finger. Prakash says madhu we did a mistake and we are trying to apolozise. Madhu - says even you did such pervert stuff of listening
to her moans....Shameless people. Prakash explains her that they did out of curiosity to know about affair and nothing else - no pervert stuff.
Madhu scolds them. for few moments. A small silence between them. (Madhu understands their mistake, instead of saying prakash kind of chetated on me
as he listened moans of some other women. She wont feel any insecurity. She understands him) Madhu says I will talk to her, prakash and venkat gets shocked. 
They both say we can handle it. Dont worry. She asks whether she got hit by rock and intruder in her PG, Is it an accident or planned. They both stays 
silent. Madhu gets angry, He did right. Prashant tried to attack us and here he is acting like a decent man. She has an affair and trying to cover
it like she has justice on her side. She says I will talk to Prashant and Madhu. Lets see what he will do. Madhu says even she did mistake u guys also 
did a mistake. Prakash and venkat stops her and 
tries to convince her. In a moment they see pradip entering neighbour house. Prakash says pradip also came, and we cant talk this in front of him.
Just wait until he leaves, we will talk. They slowly cool madhu down. Meanwhile Venkat gets continues phone call.

The Team manager calls venkat to say prakassh and venkat should meet him in office right now. Venkat says this to prakash. Prakash Requests
madhu to take rest and dont do anything stupid until they are back. Prakash and venkat goes to office (around 4pm). The manager scold them and says why 
you guys are not answering calls, and you guys doing work from home since many days and not attending office. Client has raised complaint on 
you guys. Apply leave for today I dont care is it priviledge leave or paid leave. From tmrw you guys should come to office at any cost.
And No work from home for you guys. He warns them. Venkat and prakash nods their head and walks out of the cabin. The walk out of office to
the nearby tea stall and drinks tea, meanwhile venkat gets a phn call from home, he walks aside. Prakash while sipping his tea he sees black 
jacket guy standing at staring at them. Prakash frustated, looks down and looks at same place, the jacket guy wont be there. From back a hand
falls on prakash shoulder, he turns back in anger - He sees Pradip. Pradip says hi and orders tea for him too.
pradip - enti bro antha serious ga unnav manager tho issue na ???
Venkat arrive from his phone call. Pradip greets him too, venkat says hi.
prakash:- ala em ledhu bro.....
pradip gets his tea and sips it. pradip - mee office eh tower bro ??
venkat - ee pakkana unna tower bro....
prakash sees that black helmet guy again and stares at him, pradip catches that pradip is looking somewhere. He looks the same way.
Pradip - enti bro, em chustunnav ???
Prakash - Few days nunchi mamalni evaro follow avutunnatu anipistundhi bro.......
pradip - (takes it funnily)(laughs) mimalni enduku follow avutaaru..?
prakash - emo telidhu ....Evado okadu black helmet and jacket vesukoni follow avutunnaru...
pradip - (shock) really !!!! 
venkat - Avunu bro.....
pradip - enduku ayina manchidhi kuncham safe ga undani bro.......like sharp objects em ayina mee daggara pettukondi safety ki.
venkat and prakash says ok and they leaves.....pradip says bye and he continues with his tea. While they are leaving pradip looks
behind he sees venkat and prakash walking and behind them he sees a black jacket guy with black helmet follows them. Pradip
gets suspicious and follows them from distance.

while prakash and venkat walking they confront prashanth. They stop seeing him. They see him on a crowded place while walking 
on footpath. Prashant slowly walks towards them and tells them that I need to talk to you for 5mins, lets go...
Prakash - where we r going ???
prashant - there is a small groundn lets go there and talk !!
venkat - we will talk here, we can stand to side and talk there is no problem............
prashant - (serioulsy takes a step forward) I said for 5 minutes right.....
In a sudden helmet guy puts his hands from behind on the boys shoulders. Another third person (kerchief around hi neck) 
comes from behind venkat side and keeps his hand on venkat. 
Prashanth from front puts his both hands on them and smirks (evil laugh) and says lets go.
The helmet guy and kerchief guy forces the boys to walk and All five walks towards the empty ground. Pradip sees all this 
situation from a distance and slowly follows them.

They reach to ground. Venkat and prakash sits and in front of them prashanth sits. Prashanth tells the two guys to maintain distance
and make sure no one comes around them. Prashanth with serious tone asks the boys what they did ?? Asks them to tell the complete truth
prakash and venkat gets confused - thinking what truth he is asking about.
Meanwhile pradip sees them from a distance and thinks why is prashant is doing all this rowdy stuff. He enters the ground
and walks towards them. The black helmet and kerchief guys sees pradip and walks towards him to stop him. Prashant sees pradip 
walking towards them and helmet kerchief guy walking to stop them. Prashant gets up and says the helmet guy and kerchidf guy to stop. 
he says them to keep an eye on venkat and prakash. They walk to venkat and prakash.
Prashant - enti bava ikkadiki vachaav???
pradip - em chestunav ra, enti aa rowdy panulu. Vaalni enduku teesukoni vachav ikkadiki em jarugutundhi.....
prashant - em ledhu bava edho pani undi tesukoni vachaa...
Pradip - em pani......ayina podhunna enti ra vadina tho neeku godava ????
prashanth - adhi em ledhu bava edho......
pradip - ayina vadina medha noru enduku legustundhi neeku ????
prashant - bava, ikkada chaala vishayalu jarugutunnay. Konni meeku telika potamey manchidhi...!
pradip - entra ekkuva chetunnav........Me vadina cheppindhi ra naa chelli ni pelli chesukuney plan lo unnav anta....
          (prashant gets afraid)
          nen vadhi ani cheptey em chestav ???
Prashant - adhi kadhu bava asalu em jarigindhi antey.........(he says everything he knows)

From distance prakash, venkat and helmet and kerchief guy watches them - what are they doing ??
venkat says kompa theesi pradip gaadiki vaadi wife cheppeysi untaadhi antava .......
prakash says okavela tanu cheptey manam kuda open ayyipodham. appati varaku decent ga deal chedham
Pradip and prashant walks towards them. Pradip asks the helmet and kerchief guy to maintain some distance.
Pradip and prashant stands side by side facing venkat and prakash.
Pradip - naa wife tho edho tappu ga behave chesaru anta, enti adhi....
Prakash - meeru em matladutunnaro naaku telidhu bro.....
venkat - avunu bro mem em cheyale.....
Prashant - rey yedhava naatakaalu aadodhu....
pradip - rey nijam cheppandi, ledha naa wife ni adugutha tanu kaani meeru chesaru annadho treatment verey la untaadhi.....
prakash - prashant enuku ila chetunnaro telidhu kaani mem em tappu cheyledhu bro......
prashant about to hit them, pradip stops them and says I will call my wife now. Then everything will be settled.
Pradip walks a distance calls to some customer care number and acts like he got the truth and looks at venkat and 
prakash seriously. Few momnets later he returns back and says to them - chaala pedha tappu chesaru ra.............
pradip - uppu lu pappulu kosam maa intiki vastey ichaam ani.........alusu gaa tesukuntara.....
Venkat gets shit scared and sweats heavily - when pradip said uppulu pappulu he fixed that pradip knows.
prakash and venkat stays silent holding their fear inside.
Venkat - mee wife em cheppindhi broo.....
pradip looks at him and laughs - evil
helmet guy and kerchief guy - enti anna veelatho maatalu rendu taggilistey vaaleyu nijam cheptaaru......
prakash - (gets scared) em cheppindhi anna.....
pradip - enduku ra antha tension padutunnaru....meeru em tappu cheyyaledhu kadhaa...(looks at them threateningly)
Prashant picks prakash up - entra athi telivi chupistunnaru.......... and prashant is about to hit him...
venkat - vaadu em cheyyledhu, chesindhi nenu.....!!!!!!!

pradip and prashant looks at him. Prashanth leaves prakash and grabs him and start hitting him. The helmet guy and kerchief guy 
joins prashant to hit him. Prakash tries to stop them but praip holds him off and pushes him back.
They beat venkat and prakash tries to overcome pradip. In this heated moment prakash gets frustated and says, naa frnd ey kaadhu nee
wife kuda tappu chesindhi.
pradip - looks at him serious.
prakash - avunu nee wife okkadi tho affair pettukundhi adhi maaku telisindhi ani mamalni irkinchi tanki chustundhi.
          repo maapo ninnu kuda irikincheystaadhi...........
pradip - stares at him seriously, slowly leaves his shirt.....
prakash - avunu, aa prashanth gaadu nee wife kalisi ninnu mosam chestunnaru. nee venakaala chaala vishayalu jarigaayi.
pradip mind flashes of the incident where prashant and shruthi shouts on each other and when he enters house they stop.
Pradip shouts to stop......they stop hitting venkat.
prakash - okkasri bro mem cheppeydhi vinu, prashant gaadni vaadi gang tho kaakunda, just venkat and nenu cheppeydhi vinu chaalu.
pradip - rey aa venkat gaadni itu pampandi.....
prakash - prashant vadhu bro vaadu vastey mamalni nijam cheppanivvadu.............

pradip says prashant and their gang to wait at some distance and takes venkat and praksh aside. Venkat covered with injuries and dust
sits in front of pradip. prakash says to venkat tell him everything........
venkat says we dont know anything bro......
prakash - ehey nen motham cheppeysaa......nuvu kuncham clarity ga cheppu....chaalu......

prashant and his gang stands at a distance and watches them. After some time cut to pradip and venkat & prakash.
pradip laughs and says orey prashant alanti vaadu kaadhu ra...................
prakash - meeku ardham kaatle bro.... em avasarm lekunda mee intlo panulu anni enduku chestaadu...
venkat - mee inti kosam vaadu plumber ayyadu, carpenter ayyadu, mestri kuda ayyadu.
pradip - Rey vaadu naa chelli ni pelli cheskundham ani anukuntunaadu. Naa mundhu manchi maarkulu kottadanki maa intlo 
          pani vaadu ayyipoyaadu........
prakash and venkat looks at each other........
prakash - mari prashant enduku sir mamalni follow ayyadu, helmet gaadi chetha mamalni follow ayyadu...
            nannu madhu ni raalla thi kottadu......
pradip - avuna....okasri aafu vaadni pilustaanu......(call prashant)
        vaadiki affair ani em cheppakandi malli feel avutaadu.........
prashant - cheppu bava.....
pradip - asalu nuvu enduku veelni follow avutunnav ra...???
prashant - veelu mana vadhina ni baadhapettaru andukey veelki warning idham ani ila chesaa.......
pradip - evaru chepparu neeku...., vadhina cheppindha ???
prashant - ledhu.... oka roju nen mee intiki velley sariki vadina baadha padutu kurchundhi, nela medha gaajulu pagili unnay...
            appudey adiga vadhina veelu em chesaru ani. Appudu vadhina evariki cheppadhu ee vishayam ikkaditho vadhiley ani annadhi.
pradip - (gets suspicious)
pradip -   ground ki enduku tessukoni vachaav ?? warning ivvatanika ???
prashanth - anduku kaadhu.....
pradip - mari.....
prashant - (scene plays)
            on the day when venkat shouts at door saying affair, then prashant walks to shruthi and says to her that these guys are
            saying that you have an affair. If you leave like this, it may spread as a rumor. Lets say to bava garu. Its better.
            Shruthi says leave that topic, somedays will settle everything and everything comes to normal and orders prashant to 
            stop thinking about the boys and let go.......
            On the day when madhu got revealed the truth, shruthi takes prashant inside house. Then a big argument happens between them
            shruthi shouts on him saying I told you to leave them and that topic why are you stuck with it and making an unneccessary fuss.
            Prashant says they are spreading you have rumors you have to defend it unless everything gets to know to pradip.
            Shruthi (showing her finger) Just stop all this and shut ur moth.......
            Then pradip enters they stops argument and prashant leaves out of frustation

            prashant thinks that why shruthi is trying to hide this thing. Generally if someone spread a rumor thats not true then
            definitely everyone wil get offended and angry. Why shruthi is not getting angry ???
            I think something big happened, and shruthi is scared to tell OR Do really shruthi had an affair ?? No No shruthi is not 
            that kind of girl. The only way to get answers now is to ask those boys. I have to squeez the truth from them

            So then prashant decides to bring them to ground and get the truth from them.
pradip - (exhales deeply) (looks at venkat & prakash) adhi matter..........andukey mimalni follow ayyadu.
prashant - Em ayyindhi bava, veelu neeku em chepparu...?????
pradip - veelu chesina yedhava pani chepparu..........
prashant - em chesaru ..?
pradip - nuve cheppi nattey tappudu pani okati chesaru.......
prashant - vadhina bayapadey antha la em chesaru............
pradip - antha pedha dhi kaadhu....kaani vadhina enduku antha bayapindindho tanaey adagli.....
         meeru vellandi, nen chusukunta inka.......
prashant - adhi kaadhu bava....
pradip - nuvvu velli repu mrng raa appudu matladukundham....

prashant and his gang slowly nods and leaves the gorund.....
pradip looks ant venkat and prakash......
pradip - vaadu mimalni follow avvatanki, ground ki teesukoni raatanki reason affair kaadhu.
         naa wife tho misbehave chesaru ani vaadu idhi antha chesaaru.
venkat and prashant gets confused for some time and tries to understand things. But still they have lot of doubts in them.
venkat on the other side gets pain from injuries and thinks.......
venkat - asalu mee wife em tappu cheyyakapothey, mem chesina yedhava pani meeku eppudo cheppeysedhi ga....
        enduku meeku cheppaledhu ??? 
        Prashant tho evariki cheppadhu ani enduku cheptaadhi !!!
        mem chesina pani ki ee pati mahila sangaalni petti chekkeyali ga enuku cheyyaledhu..!!
pradip - ippudu mee problem chekka ledhu anaa ???
venkat - adhi kaadhu bro....
pradip - ee vishayam ikkadi tho vadhileyandi.
         Naa wife tho nen matladutha......I will handle this problem.....
prakash and venkat still have some doubts in them
pradip - Mee joliki inka evaru raaru, bayapadakandi.......
pradip looks at them, venkat has injuries. pradip says I have my car at back, lets go to hospital for first aid.
Pradip takes them to hospital after first aid he takes them to their home. The time would be almost 7pm night.

They climb steps to their floor suddenly they hear voice of two women fighting. And the voices are comming from pradip house.
Pradip and the boys sprint to his house, inside they see madhu and shruthi shouting on each other like they are having an heated
argument which may turn to fight at any point in time. The three boys try to stop the fight. Madhu shouts saying you are so cheap 
having an affair and cheating your husband, dont you feel shame ..!!
they start to fight and pradip tries to stop shruthi and prakash and venkat tries to stop madhu.
shruthi shouts iam not like you, and how cheap of you to spread rumors on people. Is that what you came here ..!!
while they are blaming each other, pradip and prakash tries to pull the girls away. Finally prakash and venkat pulls madhu out of the house.
pradip walks and closes the door.
Shruthi feels completely embarresed. She walks to bedroom and closes her door and cries. Pradip doesnt know want to do, he thinks to 
knock on bedroom door but stops assuming - lets give her some time.
After few moments, shruthi wipes her eyes and opens the bedroom door - walks out
She walks in way that she accepted that her husband is thinking wrong about her that she is having affair.
Her mind is in such a way that - she is frustated and ready to say I know what you are thinking, Did I had an affair ot not right.
and she accepted the fact a big argument and fight will happen now.

she walks to kitchen and drinks some water. Pradip who is waiting for her in hall sees her go to kitchen - he walks towards her.
Shruthi drinks water wipes and gets herslf ready to all kind of fights or arguments that she may confront.
She walks out and sees pradip standing in front of her.....she says..
shruthi - (with frustation) naaku telusu nuv enduku ala chustunnavoo......
pradip says nothing and watches her.....
shruthi - dhaantho neeku godava enti.....
          Nuv affair pettukunnava ledha........
          neeku affair undha ledha......
          Idhey kadha.....
          Idhey kadhaa nuv naanu adagali anukuntunnav ????
          Cheppu.......
          (She slowly raises on him) 
pradip - (resisting her) Nen adhi adagali anukotledhu.....
shruthi - (frustates) mari inkem adagali anukuntunav ???
pradip - bhonchesava ???
shruthi - (shocks) speaks nothing
pradip - em anna tinnava ????

Scene cut to - Pradip and shruthi eating tiffin near a food truck.
Shruthi is in complete shock and couldn't able to understand what's happening. Pradip gets her tiffin and says her to eat, he eats 
the tiffin he has and tells her to eat.
Pradip says we will eat icecream afterwards.........
Shruthi is completely confused - thinking this is not what I expected to happen. She feel more concious !
          



pradip asks shruthi while they are eating icecream what you said to prashanth he went furious. Shruthi I said nothing he came he saw me,
he imagined something of himself and started doing unncessary stuf. I toild him leave it and not to tell you, but he did both the things
i told him not to do.

Scene Cut To:- Madhu walks out and knocks on shruthi door to talk to her. Shruthi would be cutting vegetables, she takes that knife with her
to open the door. The knife get intensified, like the is going to be used to kill some in few minutes.
She opens the door and sees madhu standing in front of her. Shruthi looks anger when she saw madhu.

...............................................................................................................................................

Shruthi has guilt that she is doing wrong, but she couldn't help herself out. When she got to know that boys were hearing the sounds,
she gets completely terrified. The only thing that she couldn't handle is the thought that her husband doesn't get to know what she is 
doing. If he knows she is not in a postion to face him and handle the situation. She suffers inside to kill every possibility to not
to tell her husband. She get scared and panic attacks everytime prakash says He will ask the boys or tell to pradip about this.
She gets scared when prashanth says the line "lets say to pradip" - she copmletely offends it and gets angry on him to not to do.
Show a scene where prashant says "lets tell to pradip" in both the argument scenes that happens between them. We wont show prashant
saying that line while showing the scene whe prashant narrating, but we will show when shruthi is narrating

Prashanth says to shruthi on the day when venkat orders food and sees that guy. Prashanth on the same day night he walks to shruthi
at night asks her shruthi avoids it and wont say anything. He leaves out of frustation.
Prashanth rveals that he got fed up with vadhina that she is not saying and decides to pick them up. 

JUSTIFICATION AND REVEAL OF THE SCENES WHERE VENKAT AND PRAKASH THOUGHT Shruthi AND Prashant HAVING AFFAIR. LIKE Prashant SLEEPS 
IN AFTERNOON AFTER DRINKING, Shruthi USES TOYS. THESE JUSTIFICATIONS.

JUSTIFICATION FOR THE STONE THROWS AND REASON FOR Trespassing IN MADHU'S PG 

1ST HALF SHOULD BE EVEN MORE ENGAGING. TRY TO CONVEY THE AUDIENCE THAT Prashant AND Shruthi HAD AN AFFAIR.
